what about the idea of digestion, no repeated eatings.
a kinda of general term can be find in intermittent fasting,
ok so, cutting the calories allow the body to cut the feeding for un healty celss
and heating will allow new ones to grow after theold died.
fasting-mimicking diet, 

ragu dal francese ragoût, started as piatto di montone and condiments.
ragoûtant, ragu alla bolognese and tagliatelle (jut the combo)
and in the 1891 the version didnt have tomato juice yet but more like
sedan,cipolla and brodo, after the ww2 we get the version with the tomato.
but also to napoli the french arrived, and its more about the densed sause
in which its cooked the meat, and already in the 1773, 100 year before there were
already version with tomato, or the brasato, but the standard is in 
Cucina teorico pratica di Ippolito Cavalcanti, 1837, the oldest manual of napolitan
cooking.

La più famosa è quella pugliese: pane molto lievitato e condito con pomodorini e olive.
Poi c'è quello genovese: sempre di pane parliamo ma piatto e condito con olio.
Si passa a quella messinese: una piazza al trancio, versione più ricca della fuata nissena o del più famoso sfincione palermitano.
E infine ci sono quei senza dio dei bolognesi :-) , che chiamano focaccia una sorta di brioche dolce, dal sapore simile al panettone, dentro il quale spesso si mette il gelato.

braciole di cavallo at bari, even if there are just spiedini with meat around, 
lasagne o lasagna, always napoli thinking its the salt of the earth
and emiglia romagna:
latino lagana, che indicavano pasta di acqua e farina che veniva stesa e tirata, arrostita su pietra, fritta o cotta al forno, a volte lievitata, ma mai bollita in acqua.
yes, the idea of boiling pasta wasnt done by romans still,
ok so, the emilian has more green on it, and even before 1935 with indide 
besciamella ragu and etc.
ok so, the napolitan has ricotta and more ragu and meat, 

ok so, the braciola in the nord tends to come from the spina dorsale/ Carre and has the 
bone in it, meanwhile in napolem its about an involtino, of manzo, 
and cooked in the sause, 

ok so, about the pesto, the genovian one has parmigiano and basilico but
can indicate other sugi on the rest, probably from romans moretum romano, 
erbs pested with olium and on bread, with pecorino.
but the pinoli vere imported from pisa (after defeatin it in the '200)
and the basilico came from india (defined battuto genovese), after all genova was
a merchantant republic, 1863 original.
maggiorana and prezzemolo also, pesto at trapani (in which ships stopped in their travels)
and mandorle and tomato.
A Catania è diffuso il pesto di pistacchio (di Bronte), mentre il pesto catanese è a base di finocchietto selvatico, olio e pinoli; alcuni aggiungono anche i pomodori secchi e le acciughe.
of course being different they aret called pesto, BUT at modenam, we get the cunza, 
with lardo di maiale aglio and rosmarino.
Wiener Schnitzel nd the cotoletta.
so we are getting about the occupation of who took from who.
1783 we get tho the «lombolos cum panitio» cioè la lombata impanata
the lombata di vitello.
but what about the bolonial one?. petroniana. which is more filled and cooked more times.

what is tracciatella? the ice cream flavor was invented in the 1961, ok so
if we talk about the stracciatella romana we get a brodo di carne and egg parmigiano.
or it can also be cheese like bufala but added with panna.

ok so, with sanguinaccio we can refer to the insaccato with sangue di maiale.
or even be a dessert with chocolate and blood.

what about taralli, tarallini, empty and used as aperitivi, pasta non lievitata.
and in the forno, or also can be sweet, and what about napolim (anyway in the north was
what we were talking), from the '700 farina pepe and struto.

caponata, sicilian, ok so talking about verduces, fried and tomato sauce and agrodolce.
antipasto and bread, anyway we are talking about mediterranian dish and about the name.
una leggenda quella che lo fa derivare dal Capone, il pesce Lambuca dalle carni magre e pregiate che era alla base di una zuppa di pesce e verdure in agrodolce servita alle tavole dei ricchi; i più poveri avrebbero ripreso la preparazione sostituendo il pesce con le melanzane.
and what about napolim version, condimento pomodorini and tuna olium, with freselle taralli.
and in capri is just a salad.

what about zeppole, dessert carnevale san giuseppe. the first is a donut fried
while the second is the bigne and with cream and a sciriped amarena.

ok so, if we talk about differences we have to check sicily and napolim.
la cucina partenopea è più influenzata dalla tradizione francese, quella siciliana da quella mediorientale, come mostrano il cous cous trapanese, l’uso di mandorle, pistacchi, agrumi, zafferano e semi di sesamo, il gelato, la granita e la cassata, tutti dolci – pare – di provenienza araba.

so, about Pasta choux (bignè), choux means cavoli and its for its shape.

a bit about the pesto, so, we have to talk of genova developet terrazamenti on the mountains
it has bahind, and it grows ulive. and in the 1200 it defeated pisam and got hands on the pinoli
(called like that for the city) which is part fundamental of the pesto.
ok so, some words for the pesto, aglio pinoli salt and basilico.
rotate and pest, then the cheese and then the oil.

ok so, reddito di cittadinanza, we talking about the minimal rent, which is said to be the 
last part t cover up the italian welfare.

cuts of meat: the fat is important, it has to be consistent with the meat, white pinked.
distribution, avoid scarce and random yellowish fat.
what about the lattosy species: Frisona, Bruna e Pezzata Rossa. and tend to be too fatty.
maccelai receive 4 quarti, 2 posteriors 2 anteriors, then get in tagli.
which are then differentiated by charateristic organoleiche, aspect and use.
first, second, third. 
coscia and lombal region, posterior quarter = filetto.
no nerves, tender and light, vitello, vitellone o manzo.
tagliate, arrosti, medaglioi. clear red.
-controfiletto(roast-beef): plain, more like the shoulder with a white fat around
light tho, called -costata, with a T bone in it.
-fesa: high part of the coscia, called -rose/punta d'arca:
light, small fat, manzo, not muscle aduttore....bistecche/carne alla tartara.
-noce: darcer and roundish, muscle, brasato, or seco.
-scamone: pezza, of the middle of roast beef and anca.
-girello: redddish, magatello, light and no nerves, rosato se di vitello, rosso se di manzo o vitellone.
for the fettine panate.
* seconda scelta: shoulder, costale, down part of coscia.
-coppa: reale, fibroso, up the shoulder, muscles, for bolliti.
dark pink and some fat around.
-spalla: cappello del prete, bovin, long and not width for bolliti and lessi.
-bicostato di reale: spuntatura, in costoli muscles, brodo.
-carre: dorsal, le costolette e i nodini di vitello, cotolette without bone and fat on
the arounds.
* terza choice: pancia peto and collo.
-fiocco: fatty, bollito, punta petto.
-collo: many muscles, reddish, the venatura changes light up and down with fat, to trit.
-bicostato di pancia: doppione, appiatita, can comprend cartilagini or bone.
still intercostata, fondo di cottura.
-garretto: pinkish and full of nerves, pesce also, muscles, spezzatini and bolliti.
-ossobuco: the feet at the tibia, round and 3cm, milan.
ok meat has to be consumed fast in 2 days, or if needed to conserve 
remuve the exceing fat and smaller pieces, and an abbattitore.

about calories, how them influence/inpact the ability to store and burn fat.
unit of measurament of energy, heat energy to raise from 14.5 to 15.5 celsius.
and atmospheric pressure.1kal is 1000 calories and 1kilocalory.
energy by burning, with a calorimeter, carbohydrates and proteins with 3-4 kcal and fat as 9kcal  
it has more energy coz it has more strong high energy bonds, carbon-hydrogen and carbon-carbon bond.
while the others has the same but also with oxygen and nitrogen.
over-eating causes weight gain but there maybe where the possibility to be set on over-eat.
anyway fat= energy eaten- energy used.
they seems to be dependent, they influence each other.
ok so, how do we expends, digestion, exercise, normal, and living.
ok so, what we eat changes how we spend energy, different types of energy
different activity, anyway we are set to see obesity as a mechanism in which
fat is prone to get stored than to get used, specific nutrients cause this, 
check insulin, and stop the insulin resistance by not adquiring most of it.

breakfast and lunch, ok so, starting from the romans we get only 1 meal a day, all in
digestion, in the middle ages, the industrial revolution requiered an early meal 
considered the regulated working hours.
what about lunch, or dinner considring they can be changes for some.
and in the middle of the day was the onyl meal (it was dinner tho)
ok so, we get woke sooner and get to sleep later.
the meal at the mid day we got some "beever" or "noonshine",for the workers
considering the possibility t go sleep in the night, so the dinner went later.
and so the "lunch" started, for the other classes.
"souper" in the 17th Century imported and copied by french.
considring the industrial revolution and the development of cities.
Pies were sold on stalls outside factories, and relied on mass-produced foods
without having the space for a garden (no need for a kitchen), 
"Britain was the first country in the world to feed people with industrialised food,"
we cannot ignore the war to rationize, and the work-based canteens was the most 
economic for the masses, 

he wanted to be a vet but ended in a slathouse, which is similar I guess.
most faeces in  the floor and blood in the walls, he needed to be become numb
the eyeballs, bulls, heifers and calves.
isolationg job.

