ok so, we chose the nodeJs path.
build and mantain websites. 
anyway if you need to use 'code'
in discord remember ''' here '''
/help, @username ++ to give reps I guess.
browser
internet as a net and protocol to set up how to communicate in in.
packets to fraction elements in smaller, with the information of destination
and where is going, each computer has ip addresses (number)
a domain to get them all togheter.
and then routers pass the data to their destination. and in the packets
we get the instruction of how it has to be mounted.
when we say net we refers to wires underground.
servers(computers) are connected directly to the internet.
and webpages as files (folders)/ ip for servers.
normal pc is a Client and connects to a server that then do the rest.
ISP (internet server provider)
routers direct and work each time change direction in the wire.
each packet gets a different layer with your data/request on it and when
the servers gives it back you have the same layers redy unpacked by the
routers etc.

Web browser, not operative system that work with the files of your pc and stuff.
and not even a search engine(that searches in the internet)
IT IS  a program in your pc that helps you see webpages.
anyway the internet started as military in the '60 while going public in the '80
network of networks (with a network of routers for large amounts)
modem, considering that we already have cables in our house(telephone infrastructure)
that connects. now we have a network but we need to sent data to the 
network we want to so, Internet Server Provider.
these companies have special routers, and can access other ISP, 
each has a Internet protocol, Ip, 

Web page: folder, file, document that can be displayed by a web browser.
Website: collection of web pages, 
web server: computer that host a website on the internet.
Search engine: a web service, (from the web browser)

Web server(multiples web-sites)-search engine(index, to search in).
Web site: a group of linked web pages under the same domain, 
when searched it will show the homepage.
hosted by a web server.
and user requesting it will send the data it has of the web site to the client.
search engine, special kind of website, to search web pages from other websites.
Browser is a software that display web pages, while the search is a website.
infrastructure / service.

virtual envelope, packet, sent to internet hub (trought routers etc) and then n response
it gets reduced into minimal packets. with different hubs, 

-internet: NET-work of computers, communicate with each others.
-packets, envelopes, information sent under a specific language.
-web servers has the data to show a web page, it is shown in your pc trought a
web browser (program that displays) and you can search for them with a search engine, 
another server from which you search, trought a webèag etc.
-client, internet device that request from server
-server receive request.
-DNS servers, translate domain names into IP adresses

software helps us work with hardware.
like Operating Sistems, 
we use virtual machine managers to set up OS in another OS.

ok so we use the - for the (/) and the alt-ctrl-t
on the terminal, 