about the editing

idk why we should use openshot.

OBS has some plug ins for later-

Slip tool to change start end without cutting (meh)

slide and roll but the latter is more precise.
(shorthcut, V H C select drag cut)
TM trademark num lk + alt + 0153  on text

rate stretch for the time.

Tracking, objective with camera moving to a point /layer you created previous
check frames up/down and you can correct, to then link effects/text to the point
go to VIEWER if you dont see.

ALT if you want to move the quad and not the focus.

ok so, COPY of a tracker:
create another point, PARENT it, reset position, move center.

Quad effect to image to 4 sides to PARENT.

Top for mask effect, and if no backround
Blend -> screen

we can select areas with MASK
or simply insert new layers/effects
FEATHR_STRENGHT to blur the arounds (used for effects and masks)

crtl + D:
to copy and re-position something

IDK how to use the pre-render proxy, anyway for audio between clips go to editor

I in and O out when cutting pre-view

FREEHAND MASK goes with points

Rotoscoping when we mask, contorn edit something moving, keying

Light wrap (effect) to parent the lightness of another, radio/ opacity for adjust

camera moving too much, we cut the moving background BUT
we stick the important part as mask ??
Blend -> difference
to move to get as black for less differences then:
Blend -> normal

INVERT for the negative
CLOCK WIPE a 360 circle dissolve 
PUSH image coming from out
IRIS for the circle effect in/out

volume of part can be lowered any cut

TRACKING on the biggest layer, parented on point, it will get position

CLONE, cover up, on biggest after we created a top layer pixel of the zone we want
we change position and un-see the previous pixel

ok so, for the background keying, luminance key.

COLOR DIFFERENCE in case of green/red/blue screens

--ok so, about the text we get in any transitional effect
we ust get to the text and modify without adding text.

ok so, you can change the font size before modyfing it, I guess


for weird effects on shapes go for generate-> reflections

anyway for the scale unlick the icon near the %
