Piano con brio

so, piano and basic botton, 

La SI do re mi fa sol

A  B  C  D  E  F  G

how? Suono and Ritmo, Rythim for ciò that happens in a certain time, X Y
rythim musicale moto ordinato of sounds, successione regolare dei suoni nel tempo
sound, 

what Sound, acustic sensation from vivraton from elastic, solid, liquid gas corpus.
32/ 40K simple vivration at the minuto secondo, transmitten then by elastic mean, air

sound has:
	-Altezza: graves and acute
	-Intensita: un-changed intonation but volume (I guess, ear louder or not)
	-timbro: same altezza but different instrument.

regular vivraton as sound if not rumor.

a piano on  ottave while flute 4 kinda.

to the pentagrama we add tagli, 

FL Studio:
anyway to start the colldown use the spacebar.

Music theory.
Wenster tonal music, 600 years ago from eu, 
to label ad explain what you already know sounds.

Tonal = tonal center, a note that the others roam near, base of.
first and last, tonal pitch
Atonal if no central.

ok so a tonic pith doesnt need to sound.....
single tonic = single key 

scales: the tonic as important goal.
scale as a series of 7 centered (no need for it to be in order)

in C major (tonic note + mode(?)) 

Harmonic function + harmonic hierarchy
Tonic harmony (when the pitch is the lowest note) when its needed to change cord

harmony: chords togheter, with an op tension and end.
tonic chords op end.

stable + unstable +  predominant, (stable enought not to ask for a closure)

Harmonic hierarchy: tonic key and 
harmony (with tonic predom and dom)
and chords below, not necessary but style

acustic and tuning.
a guitar cant be tuned in all keys, 
flat and sharp for bemolle and diesis.

octave as whute keys between, 
half a cord is an octave more
HZ vibrtion for second
and what about 1 third, the 5th note up the standard is the perfect
on the 2/3 on the same octave while a plus on the shorter.
tuning is compromise, some will be out of tune if by octaves or by fifths
(like going up b fifths and under scaling, slity differences)

Harmonitation....

chromatic scale, an octave with all its 12 notes....
distances as half step for (diesis bemolle)
center of piano C4 , 262HZ
complete called Scores while in jazz (charts)

in five lines and four space staves (singular staff)
the notes that the notes in it signifies depend on the
Treble clef (di violino, kiave) G klef

F5, as the last line.
and the last is E4

based on women voices I guess

lower voices go for.
Base clef, in which the max-line is A3
F clef, and the last is G2

Alto clef, the middle staff is middle C
but the position of the center is not fixed

2 quarter note = half note

ledger line for extra temporaly out of staff notes

piano gets a grand staff with the 2 clef one for each hand

note value, like eight note, in which we have the note head (the point in the staff)
and a stem (that goes up or down balancing how up the note is)
also if down remember to put it at the left
flags added if a 16th or 32th

Beams if more flags togheter, when different duration always inside the longer stems

whole note with un filled note head and no stem, 

a tie to sum notations not multipy of 2
or add a dot for half its value to the right of the note
double dot for half half added

rests for pauses, 

measure and bar that have to filled with notes or pauses
bar lines.
its 4 4 not 4/4 no fraction.
ok so the first on how many [ while the second of note value]
meter signature

garce note, it doesnt count in the total beats in a measure (??)

it can start with an incomplete as a pick up note. anacrusis just to start
sharp or flats on the left of the note

accidental for signs that work only on the measure
unless they are connected, 

dynamic markings for piano and forte, 

crescendo marks, numer on notes can indicate the finger to use
thumb for 1, little finger 5

ok so, the complete scale for the piano
ok so, for the lower in the BASS clef.
last note in a string G2 -> B2 but after its C3 > B3
anyway the note on the temporal string between the Bass clef
and the note on the line between the 2 up and down lines is C4
the last line of the Tremble clef is E4

if you want to check some BASS clef try trombone
