I guess knowing some of italy.

orlando e sonnino left Parigi and had to come back.
probably the city of paris was a bad place choice coz too many anti german sentiments
ginevra maybe?

so, the illusion of getting rid of fasc.
so, comitato di liberazione nazionale, Pertini from the very start, dirigente
as cane tignoso, and it was seen as the resistance had to deal on judge and capital.
petacci from the very start '26 and even if she 20 and him 49, and even after she married
and divorced, whle him not, and others.
grafomane, writing everything in even if she didnt
even in politics, more convinced that him, 
the last plan was in RAR ridotto alpino in valtellina.
from Milan, but Graziani (war ministry) was contrair and even reich for treaty
he tried treaty with archbishop of milan, he asked switz to pass, but not even Rar so
untill 25 april, at the end he run.
he talked again with bishop on getting 3k on alpis, dont delude, there are 300
I dont delude myself.
stopped by partisans they accepted to give the gerarcs there, and after some 20 min shoots
they were arrested with petacci, 
"Sa, dispiacerebbe sentire dire, in un domani, che magari vi abbiamo fermato a Chiavenna … Merano … 
e dessero così alla storia cose non rispondenti al vero … se volete farlo …"
normally a tenente on a plotone of 30-40 but less mostly, on the back if the worst

Roma: vite can be coltived "a garbata" or legendary tavern "garbata"
Grottaperfetta : maybe from horti praefecti and inside roma '70
Torpignattara , from pignatte on top of mausoleo di elena
Prati fiscali: tenuta before 1000 called filiscali, flescari
Centocelle: centum cellae caserma or acquesdotto
Infernetto: for factories carbon OR farnetti tree
Saxa rubra: sassi rossi, tufo
Ponte mammolo, ponnte mammeus -> marmoreus, destroyed 1849 during roman -> 1871
22 rioni iterni e 35 quartieri esterni ura aureliane
Regola: from arenula of tevere
Dragona: colonia draconis serps
Quadraro, guatralis, a lot of resistance said to be as safe as vaticano

maggio 1910, nazional prima partita, with genoa juve e mila existing for at least 10y
federazione giuoco prima football then calcio, 
with commissione tecnica by arbitri to check conditions (first scudetto 1910)
maglie bianche for cheaps most torin milan and one from andre doria
and pants black or white, blue at the third
won 6-2 cause dissidi ferderazione, risultatisti e giochisti (def, atk)

colonialism o "brava giente", Indro Montanelli, gionalist and defender of empire.
when he bought and "married" a 12 etiopic, 
60 years of empire, 12 M people, and starting as straccioni, italians
trained and used to repressions on natives used up for ww2 and fascism, like 
montanelli, and ambition, first somalia to then tried etiopia
to then Ardua 1896, when losing, started again in 1911, vs turvhia.
in 1936, during fascism albania and etiopia (the king then took the "empereor" title)
started late and smalled, poor both militar and economical, poor areas also.
no capital to invest, to avoid italians go elsewhere giving them 
agricultural, 200k max, 
first in eritrea and somalia, with diplomatic accords, while libia 1 year war 20k victims.
as modern conquistadores, inferior to the "white" italians and division on works and repression.
Rodolfo graziani in 1930 to re conquest, closing population in concentration caps with
50% mortality, 1935 to re try etiopia with stopping slavery as excuse, which was
part of the league of nations and even after santions, completed.
using gas, 1937 Graziani avoided an attempt, 3 days of killing and raining in adis adeba
and tribunal hunt for elite memebers and executions,
paranoid on copti planned on monaters, and even if racist as all
the law to formalize after etiopia like blovking marriages, 
1943 disbanded occupied by brits, and rapidly forgotten, Democrazie cristiana
never put attention to that, even asking some colonies back.
on those before fascism as a right to use them.
and denied process for war cimes when asked by etiopians while comunist
scared of nationalism rise like in first '900,

Regio decreto legge i 1938 5 settembre, less politics right
and civils, ok so protecting race in scholl
defining in art 6 as jew born from both jew even if changing religion
anticipate in giornale d'italia, with manifesto della razza
non firmato, scienziati and Ministero cultura popolate (MinculPop)
affirming the arian of italy and how jews werent italians
2 years before, occupato addis adeba on etiopia, and after being isolated
the axis roma berlino, in 37 anti-commitern vs urss
in 39 assuring to let hitler in austria, and patto acciaio on offensive
fro alliances, kids after set them set to leave and in other aula.
PIO XI, there are doubts on how more concentrated on rece than vs semites
the cancelation was said by americans in 43, on freeing detenuti politici
but it was slow, 44 and 47
ok so, fascism gives from granted antisemitis, called communist and stuff
also church considered a convert from ebraism a catholic and the definition
couldnt be given by state.

Hungary was able to antisemit whithout biologic base

