ok so, this will start as some data but I guess I am more interested in the after and 
in the how.
anyway about production there isnt anything new, maybe WE can got on how the prediction were clear after the first year of
war for the axis.
anyway its interesting the framentation of poweres in a comand chain... how should a central power work or should one even exist? does it matter if it is or they are militar and politial 
(https://www.ilpost.it/2019/12/02/seconda-guerra-mondiale-infografiche/#steps_2)
coz in this exampe we have both, from the govern that gives command to the chief  that have 
freedom of manouver to a still central like the JAP but with 2 blocks badly working togheter.
also I dont have ideas for the urss one, central but adapting I guess?

anyway there are some maps for routes and movement... that can come in handy.
ok so, operation bagration and (nothing seems new just a fake target strategy)
but how to concieve the loss of a capable army to front the est advance.
the words seem interesting, I guess I can check for how numbers mattered in 
preparing for an advance.

ok so, it seems that one of the biggest migration after the ww2 was from the 
german side of the occupied regions... there was a fear of a re-vendication by germany?
(I guess re-thinking about the end of ww1 helped on that but still...)

ok so, DResda febrary '45, how to bombard, first after days of sun so structures to be dry
then to start with heavy explosives to break windows and tetto.
then the incendiare so that there is space and air to develop and then the 
retarded time ones for the fire fightters etc.
with the conseguence of developing a big fire at the center and create a firestorm
with pression different such as an hurricane.
5 days for flames to calm, courps were fond untill the '60, 

ok so, the last days of reich, suisides to avoid red army violence
or sisters searchng in camps dressed as american militer
mattino 30 aprile '45, when the attempt to break siege in berline failed
the last plan was to get in small groups and go ovest, 
the plan was to avoid being taken to moskow afterr seeing what happened
to mussolini, the autist was called to supply the fuel
on 13-14 last meal with dietista and secretaries
banale, funebre on apparent calm, and at the last after even going from monaco to berlin
from march on 29 married her, wrote in testament, 
anyway after gifting portait to pilot and sugesting the cameriere
to serve the "uomo che verra"
while on miglio verde of bunker eva braun was more livelier.
magda goebels, the 6 kids pills, tried to convince him to go
after sent away, he shot in head, blood on the feet large as a plate
while she with cianuro.
