so, about the bank of bari.

ok so, it seems that something clled Invitalia exist, that s where the money was first sent
un agency under the ministry of the economy, to finance Mediocredito centrale
(a bank owned by the ministry of the economy) and then will buy the 900 milions in quotes.
ok so, the dynamic seems simple, deteriorated credits with little chance of being
paid, and to the commissiaramento the council of adminisration.

anyway i seems that betwen the lost there was the acquisition of another
minor bank tarcas, anyway we can see a bank buying other banks

so, about china and stagfrazione, and when the prices grow (inflation)
but there is no grow (we are talking about natural inflation)
which is odd considering prices grow when there is more money coz salaries
grow.
it can be due to the rise in price of an external good or governamental decision.
ok so, yje level of inflation for china is at 4.55 and can be 6% the next year
while the grow is at 6%, different from the 15 to 20$ of the last tme..

altrought the job market is indeed controlled so the workers syndacates
wont hav ethe strenght to ask for raises, and not the oportunity.

ok so, inflation of what, the prices that raised the most are the pork meat
(due to an epidemy this year) normal food at 19% up while the meat is doubled.

and considering most of the salary of chinese families go for food, 
(1/5 which is double the US) shortage, price rise.

having grown has a goal it can lower the interest rates to allow more money but
that can add up the inflation while doing the opposite can contain it but disincorage grown.

wallmart in 27 countries, also about marketing the 4 Ps.
product, place, promotion, price.
penetration pricing, kinda starting promotion, predatory pricing tactic and got in front
of the high court, also the exercise and random chanting adn the ban of not having
relantionship between employers, also 2005 and still court.
also relationship unions company, and noticing the micromanaging, 
“The best fortress is to be found in the love of the people, for although you may have fortresses, they will not save you if you are hated by the people.” kinda neat.

ok so, pension.
we are talking about the public-section ones, check out the founding ratio, 
this means than most money ends up covering past years shortfalls.
the media is at 72.8% also it was ruled that pension benefits once ruled cannot be retired.

so, more mobility facilitates production but whites are scared.
first beneficiaries are the ones who do, they sent back money.
and escape from limited situation.
and in loco they can help companies with setting more clients.
normally they start more companies and ideas.
and the dumping s low. making people feeling in charge of it.
and....surtaxes, I guess money is the only way to convince the old.
anyway yeah, allow more legal ways even at cost.
and of course, rythim, like people choose to come in lots just as if.

ok, so, peronist with kircher from 2007/2015
condamned for misdeeds, anyway the pan is about "grow" first and debs later
or to pay less the external bonds.
and will also retire for the current form of pact between the mercosur
and the EU.

Maranhão, the poorest state of brasil, blocking payment for ones 
already and negating entrance to Bolsa familla.
by the economist, grown doesnt cancels inequality or reduce poverty "alone"
averaga income of the 1% was 33.8X of the average of the 50% poorest.
surpassed just by Quatar, or use the Gini coefficent.
Taxes are 30% of GDP (while others latino are 23%).
the difference of the bolsa is that it goes directly to the, 
conditional cash-transfer programme, who helped 30M.
also helping in zones in which money didnt circulate.
remuving a net just when it was needed.
it could work on the difference between private/public sector 
pays or pensions benefits etc.

66% of the current EU workers in health and social care and 85% in hotels and hospitality would be ineligible for visas under the new system

8.4m of "inactive" but they are styding retired, looking the family leaving just 1.4M 
wanting a job.
also, pickying soft fruits like strawberries is hard to automate coz
it need a soft hand and the eye to see when.
also it can cause problems for zones that can pay the treshold and those who cant and
something about the MAC n bureocracy.

to check the value of things think about "prezzi adonici"

about the banca di napoli, emitting coins untill 1926

so getting rid of the ppor during corona?
with china we got that it was worth considering the risk, 
an economic model need too much data to be set near an epidologic one,
opening doesnt mean people will.
saving helps also other around and the moral.
also the period wont help the ones to re-enter

how in china:
considering the pression on local adminis on the rural
movement transport are lacking.
if demends doesnt up then working will be needing less.
some fake being active/ wasting energy to access subsidies 
a request of more relient debt payment and funds for banks

Argentina and default, asking to the 5 detentors of the
tango bonds for less interest and more time, to avoid losing
capital in a default.

loan to companies, garanzia pubblica sui crediti
fondi di garanzia da finanziare, which mean if the company cant
pay at the end will the state, this would allow low interest
0.2 0.4, and even if 750 miliardi the most has to e kept
to cover for future, some bureocratic extra steps 
been corrected , also over the auto certification or not
to get the garancies, 
on comapanies with less 500, in 6 years and only after 24 mouths
we get banks asking additional documents
while banks complain there isnt enought rules to avoid multiples loans
also it needs autoritation by garanzia.
for bigger can be 5 Mln with 90%, for others
or bigger on 70% and 90% by SACE (society by depositi prestiti)
for biggers there is the risk of the new loan to convert old loans
for lower interest, in combutta with banche and companies not necessary needing
even if more loans can be asked with old still pendent
banks dont allow if re-payed
this with the BCE TLTRO with -1 interest to banks (usually does but not with these interest)
what for direct, invoice trading, something on fatture

so, italian debt, and it seems deficit will go from 1.6 10.4, by the european commision
the debt isnt considered a problem. 
italy has avanzo primario from 20 years ago, even is lowring, the risparmi to repay interest
maybe too much attention, anyway cheking the effects of cutting and taxes can have collateral
and more on political to convince.
and it seems that it wasnt austerity that stabilized, considering the spread re-up
after at the same leves berlusconi, only bce "whartever it takes" by draghi.
do central banks remuve the debt as political procupation?
inflation reduced the value of debt?
it is said for the economic envirodment mediocre , that fovors subsidies and low rendit, immobilismo
while others go and a third little and linked to  territorio low value just subisce.
only production coz bce only buys time, 

so, inflation, it makes prices go up, why not totally good, stable prices allow investement
for the future sight, why deflation dangerous? first, stagnat salaries, second
postponing expenses, on lower future prices, and investements
the plan is 2% but still at 1 and in jap after efforts is 0%
china producing and internet/services for more goods for low prices, low sindacates
more flexible and instable work and other countries lower salaries, also old spend less
goverment influenced debt on banks the past century or the oil crysis caused less buyiability?
inflantion stood stable even after mario draghi in 2008...
QE used in case, even if stooped, ideas are there, like the 2% as average on a period to balance
anyway the qe and negative interest can create bible on speculation and diseguaglianze 
favoring only those who can and are already.
or remborsing trought printed some taxes be goverment.
but it would link the 2, from 2013 jap goverment coordinates with bank.
why trust bt markets on goverments, inflantion low is based on the know of being indipendent

so, poverty lowered, from 7% to 6.4% those in absolute poverty.
anyway 23% foreneight there on 8.5% on total, 

so, fondo perduto and money printed, changes like after oil crisis
when from monetary economy to currency, or in the '90 when central banks
more space by goverments, now.
low interest rates but more money loan, but goverments re-distribute
considering only who can ask the money, which is power on for who.
but not inflantion for the money printed, central have more
influence by state now, financiace by state but also by lobbies and clientelari.
