Production

regolaritation aslso irregular, residing permit if working
6 mouth time to search in sector
and some can be hired too.
But what about datore, why would it if not busted yet and convenient
incentives? fir first by INPS if ita if not Sportello unico per l’immigrazione delle prefetture
voucher for faster assumption but precarizza?
doesnt cover edilizia artigianato consegne nor victime of tratta

ok so FCA iTALY trying loan, 16 stabilimenti and 26 centr ricerca sviluppo
and including fornitori, but elsewhere sede fiscale and legale.
in italy payed only on production activity, 

public garancy on loans principal tool, 16% f entire pil
lower rates from coered loan than in germany 1 vs 3 but also smaller scope
but dependable on status of bancary
USA with federal reserve buying obbligation from big companies while for smaller
the loan (if not fired 10%) will be re payed by state
to re mand expenses italy was second with 13.5 and Ger 14.6
IVA untill september IRAP cnacelled untill 250M
sfratti untill 30 giugno, rinvio rate mutui september but for banks
suspending this doesnt allow too much loans
trasferimenti diretti? (some cant coz too many debts whie banks slowered)
banche investimento publico entrare nel capitale, but avoid interference
promising to use only on essential
(somewhere avoiding for external sites)
or in france where for smaller 1M 1.5k at mouth plus 2k by regions 

so, selling, why televendite and call center continue, 
television in italy wasnt able to cover all its time/space.
so with more channels more space and cheaper, als cheap to produce.
short and repeteable during the cheaper night time, for zapping.
what to who? the old that has some pains and doesnt trust internet.
as seen in tv indeed, like in USA.
with imported video re-dubbed like the products, with also long
attention on the free on first calls.
and now, like amazon live, with procduct and chat.
and international channels with shows organized on them, QVC e HSE24.
with direct apps, and qr codes on tv to use online, tv as emphatic and online for
efficenty.
