About the Corona for now:

in 80% of cases the syntoms present and dissapear, the "illness" caused by COVID-19
manifest itself with fever and stuff (its not fever its manifest with...)
in the 6& there can be polmonite.
antiviral exist but thend to be potent.

the tampone which is a cotton fiock in the troaght, it compares with
the "RNA real time" sequences are searched in specific aplified zones.
someone who passed can still result positive and has to wait to see difference.

virus can variate on cases but neing more deadly doesnt happen coz it would kill
the cells inside and wont allow proliferation, tand for the contagious stat.

SARS happened in 2004 and even if similar caused worse syntoms so more easily
traecable.

for the vaccine we check if body memorizes the virus if not we reapeat like 
with influence that changes part every year.

its not really like influence, an influence causes batteric infection on lungs
that can be delt with anti-biotic, while corona causes inflamatio to restiratory
that cant be dealt with it, and in some cases more deep damages that turn the
lungs tessuti and need to be intubated.

considering they can be stagional it can become weaker with heat.

on pregnant woman on 3 mounths it didnt seen to have transfer and no
either on milk, even if preferred mechanized succ.

so, brasil and religious on deseases,

10% of wedding suspended, the others re-manded, 
due to symilar fiscal systemsn on the lower leagues C.
some problems with domicilial hairdressers.

"a dude tried to tinder on a supermarket"
check francesco rutelli

ecuador: considering the young population
and the rural portion of the population it wasnt expecting to be so high
anyway ded on the streets.

regions tier list:
vall d aosta with almost 1% on, 

so, putin and corona, it was aspected him to ascend but

so possble pression by usa to keep mexican factories open

even if china open to investigation of OMS
doubts of favoritism on light aproach, 

from may the center of corona is latin, even with different measures the conseguences seem
similar, brasil atm second for accertati, but few tamponi, and differences on regions br
second is Messico when "onesty best defence for" 
In peru lot people left capital after losing job, by the end of may chile at the limit while
in ecuador not, carton boxes and on the streets.
so why?, less institution, less sanitary, informal, 

so, Immunita di gregge on new virus, hwo does it work, if everyone had
opportunity to deveopt anti corps trought a vaccine or healing from.
then the virus can transmit hard to those vulnerables.
on 60/80% if about coronavirus, but we dont know how long 
does the body remmeber the corona and no vaccines.
and nowhere more at 20%, and also it takes time.
less exposition, and there is the possiility of old diseases dissapearing for others
reasons, 

so, about how transmit, most in house when people close, but when first?
supermarket for touch? anyway after a certain virioni, particelle virali.
the baths, with touched and dropes like shìciaquone.
in close the drops by starnuto can reach or remain in air more.
colloqui di lavoro is risk, with time and talk.
like in meat factories when loud noises loud talking and umidity and refrigeration
that helps viral mantain.
like restourant.

About the swedish model.
based on individual responsability, admitting the risk
for the long period, more contagies and still effect of global slowdown
even if open stff, old that risked prefered not to, even if could go to work
supplies from outside didnt allow to work,

more vino in cartone usato, mostly online, and less spumante, 
in the past there were less alternatives to the wine, from 120L at year
to 30 today, tetrapak in 1951 (with plastic to not let enter air)
and after experiment with bologna, for the corrosiveness of wine
in 1983 tavernello, before were on bottles vuote a rendere (with caparra for using the bottle)
il tetrablick non puo contenere presurizzati (like spumanti)
like before when birra in lattina.
Barolo in a tetrabrik and opened after 10 years.
dop wines require a standard on conservation so thats also why.

ok so, how to clean the maskes, max at 60 not stirate or asciugatrice.
