A vision:
Acting today not as a choise but as a necssity.
so, why most man, coz they leave most villages most women, also 
same reasons as why unenployed here say they want to work.
sahen savan a village in the.
the heat can reach 50* and the un-timing of seasons can make new
illness spread, Ciad is a lake that from 10'000 Km to 1250 during
a life span.
the scarce resources allow terroristic groups to set other groups vs.
like pastors and farmers.
Production process, prosperity is recognized, but so are conseguences.
Easier to find Coca cola than electric energy, so its warm.
moving can mean abandoning one s identity, the jews museum.
building solutions.
trembling air for the heat and some tends to cover from sun everyone
with a blanket, stending over but cold and if cover pain in the back.
she studied ambietal science and guiding greeanpeaces missions.
even the indagine for favoreggiamento could have been usefull 
considering the care of the people, she was call as an emergency volontary.
no adventure here, living after violence is hard, that what they see.
also the motion seekness in sea, dehidrateted.
Mediterranean can change really fast and a gommon with 4 air chambers 
need just 1 de-flated to sunk.
who studies giurisprudenza risk, if in tribulan, to not be accepted
in the order, easy to lost rotta.
also forgetting the fuel they have for the motor, without botton
if they get only 1 sorso while sunking they faint and sunk.
risk now that Frontex, the eu missions and the costear guard arent there
anymore.
Opinions, why? 
The guardia costiera italiana was also accused to be part of the pull effect.
it would be a violation of diritto internazionale to take someone
to a place where it risk again after escaping, and Tunisi doesnt even want to
let re-fill fuel and doesnt care, about tutelating human rights.

From colonial times states were privated of political independece
cultural and economical, the monoculture impoveriish terrain and the
fluctuation of price prive of independece.
(a benessere rushed), to supply cheap labour force and fish zones
dependant to rich states, and being part of trade groups cant use daxes.

Mare nostrum was discontinued in 2015 after no help by EU, in
Lybia Gaffer controls most of oil while sarraj get recognized and deals on controll.
drones and planes cheking sea, while Australia with its "Pacific solution"
that jails in islands so they cannot ask asylum.
in the Seawatch the situation tends to be tense.
the aereport of lampedusa tends to make the port to be closed coz little.
thats why one comes by night.

she prefers captain without -A (yes, she knows she s a girl)
they dont have a bussola so its even hard to know where.

when they went to take them I was ok, I wasnt they
now they taking me but there is nobody left.

the problem cannot be resolved there coz its not born there.
also, salinitation of terrains.

climat change like in Syria where bread price rose by 90% after a drought.
migration with climate as reasoning can be defined but still not 
recognized, and isnt judiciary vincolant, migration as human right....

