About the pandora Box and pandora in general:

when searching when sexual differences become linked to inferiority in confront
to women, identity linked to sexual appartenence in naturalistic way, as reasoning.

at first we get mits from poets to have a view, then we get philos and medics.

The punishment for prometheos can vary to tied to a pole, which was similar to the 
vs thief to be then it by passengersm anyway pandora and Eva differes.

Eva as help,lower level complementary but as company, not punishment, 
and same sustance as Adam, while pandora created by gods, different entity.
as said in Esiodo in Teogonia, 

alter as death, and mysterious as such, with different incarnation as furries and the 
idea persistent of annoyance.

there can be the idea of feeling the lack of procreation, as we see with zeus being able to
continue with taking the fetus in leg, about the qualities.

Metis, first company, no logos, intelligence but more on the side of "astuzia, practice"
she created drink vs kronos, eaten after she was pregnant with athena, so males get also
the "polu-metis" like ulysses.

acting control over the female body and children, 
Medicine existed before ippocrate, as schools and presence of sgabello ostretrico,
diagnosis on touching the exterior, while man tended to get sectioned after battle or 
sacrificial animals.

talking about resolving fertility problems (woman fault of course) 
cheking temperature by fluids but considering female as humid coz more porose due to low exercise,
and epylepsi as conseguence of accumulated virgin.

called sacred morbo vs ippocrate vs magic, that still were in his time, 
the brain as origin with different temperature and tumblr.
defining the heart as just feeling contractfor the veins it connects.

Oreste, after killing M and her lover gets pursued by erigone, the daughter,
but in front of athens she impic, after that virgins started, and to avoid extinction altalene.
as symbol with A.I.E and a satir.

no educational role for the nubila canuta which risked to be sold, 
mobile uterus, to keep it dry on virgins and widows to clear, using profume
to attire it down or just to marry.

or to make it go up by upside down, medics limits prolong 
mythical difference.

phylosof, a goal of society, and even with some, like stoics, doubting her value as existence.
or theorizing on string, weak, cold, warm element to influence sex.

eschilo still, orestea trilogy, from vengance to law, Aereopago first tribunal.
and he gets innocent not for legal vengance, but coz M was just nutrice
while fecondator P, theatre reflect the ethics of arguments in the polis.
with protest if not so base present.

X sustance s blood but more complex after food, but woman doesnt coz its cold.
the X cooks the Y as simple sustance.
solit from ature as passive and to be commanded.

from myth already W no complete logos, no autority, 
Essentialist view, from 4th B.c family external and internal.
for M and W, coz soft body so baby and care for house healt and wealt.

from based on biology, Socrates, when defining giocoliera.
except saggezza and strenght, educating the Y by X to speak to them.
and Platon uses the effect of cagne to help X, but Socrate right before end
sends away wife.

Cinics, from fundator, same virtutes, to realize trought
common virtuses doubting even marriage to communes of Y.
Like cratene from Tebe who would give away its fortune to futures if they
were stupid or nothing if they were philos and 
sharing Daughter edu to pupils 1 mounth, Y admitted by pitagorics and epicuro.

in the republica of de philosofia, where no propiety and guardians
so not to allow accumula and owners, and childern in common and Y to be
light.

by law, monogamus but 3 Y, with (damar,gyne) for legitimate children,
Pallake for body cure (like a bicchiere di vino), and etera for pleasure during 
simposio (after day of activity) after dinners, closed from normal Y.
trained to discuss and chit chat, or perform but paied, 
like geinsha but defined as prost from start, higher than pornai.

from 13-17 youngs instructed by adult to virtuses as citizien, 
as loved ones (eromenos) from the very start, a real one to test seriety.
but not to prolong to show vir.
woman considered if family to cover, and marriage as duty so
not care if love.

contract between families and even if divorce in theory.
but as seen Medea, also written prove not requested to X.
Adultery considered even if not married Y, damaging family reputation.

Draconte from 629 first law on the vengance, but introducing
exceptions, here delitto d'onore that passed from polis to roman 
to even '80 when abolished.

Vs adultes Y banned from cerimonies and if noticed death by one that notices.
and the man receiving obliged to repudiate or lost citizien rights.
the idea of violence? later and no as consent but ony if vs covered Y.

Unlike in Rome eredita only between X, and if only Y she had to be asta between
family, to administry patrimony, and in case she was already married a 
familiar could have divided her from Y.

Gineceo more like private space vs estraneus, =/= from arab ones.
without education polis as males club, ayweay for some on futur.

Bachofen, in which, in nature X > y and after tried counter, amz,
but Y having religiosity , Y naturaly material but limited to it while
X had the needed to go beyond and state. (also considered between first fem)






so, Wamen, new york times 8 on 10 women dont know bra measures.
but not so true, like womn pants different methods and models.
Marika Burato on istagram, Alice Bocola
there are 2 measures (not just prima, etc)
european like 84D, 70A (circoferenza, coppa)
considering from 70 to 120 for torso and cup from A to N
ok so, if the arms are in the top of the head and the bra moves, its too big
there is to be space AND the weight should be in torace, not spalline
ok so, hthe reasons for bra, if have they can fall, also helps weight re distribution
ok so, no stirato and use etichetta and retina, a good one on 50EUR
and if older more.
using models with light strings can stress the skin, structural ones can be confy
