remember to use Solvit just in case.
not so sure it should be usefull checking the ufficio locale per l’impiego.
consulete o sezione.
anyway take letters or contracts signed by the dude, or just copies.
copies of documents, what about ""insurance"".
apprendimento check in the eures.
what about banking?, be sure to remembering your banking coordinates.
check osteli dellla gioventu.
cheking the previdenza sociale, "insurance" kinda, accordi fiscale.
moving working family members have same rights as national workers.
-passport and identity.

anyway about the movement part there is something for the refund or other ways of 
transportation if late, also.
operators are not allowed to charge me a higher price because of my nationality or the country I’m purchasing my ticket from, still not sure how that should work.
the possibility of also having an hotel if more than a day....
working if not for external causes like strikes, also for the ambassy EU if the contry is little
and doesnt have it.

 can also do a Digital Opportunity Traineeship 
 in another European country and gain advanced digital skills:
 should check out how that works.

 no citienzship tho...
 remember to check "my first eures job" and the grant for the interwiev.
 posted workers are also defined as transfered workers for 
 the same company on a differet country, and also how to avoid those
 to undercut labour standards.
 how much costed to fly before.
 anyway it seems driving licenses work in all the union.
 112 is universal in the union, anyway for medics there is the 
 eu reference network.
 erasmus+ for sapienza I guess.
 in case you knew someone who could need it Upskilling Pathways.
 still need to check yought guarantee.
 training courses funded through the European Social Fund.
 still not sure about those.
 anyway maybe the first eures have a tutpr in some cases.
 anyway the 4 weeks of paid leave for years.

 ok so, pasport for sure that works for 3 mounths.
 permesso di soggiorno works as a visto. /residence permit

"Hello Src Ricci
I am panning to start my working experience outside of italy/ in the Eu
and I wanted to ask how to boots my hirebility
for most possiblibilities considering I am still an extra-Eu citiziend
living here for more of 15 years.
there are ways in which I can boots my hirebility or some kind of proocess
considering I aleady received prosposte from the EURES programs
but got denied by some not-clear after hearing I was not italian.
there are ways in which, or some specific jobs that I apply by not being.
"
de rosam et de spinem
Your europe

lets read some AIR passenger right:
within the EU by any air line
if to the EU by an EU airline
if from the EU by any airline
if the company still didnt do anything

the free acces for free content epends on the provider (the paid has no problem)
no need to pay extra and they cant reduce quantity.

maybe some ESF founded projects.
La Tessera Europea di Assicurazione Malattia - TEAM
behind the tessera sanitaria.
most of the time if in the SSN, or in some cases a ticket which is 
part of the cost in some countries.
ok so, there can be cases in which is requested the payment and in some 
cases its rem borsable (alla LAMal per la Svizzera ed alla CPAM competente per la Francia)
or It can be done in the ASL of the returning country.
can a substitute be requested if you cant wait for it to re new.
ok so, the treatment can be direct or indirect (with reemborsement)

ok so, about the work permit.
the youth guarantee is teh same we found of the garanzia.

in case of need use the number: 39 06 51683427.

ottenere il certificato di iscrizione anagrafica.
normally afterth 3 mouths period, then there with a passport or identity
plus the work contract of just the certify of institute plus document to prove
that you dont need subsidies.
it has to be released immediatly and not surpass cost of identity cards for nationals.
in theory you cant be expulsed.

ok so being an SVE and healt coverage.
covered by Cigna while not having "European Health Insurance Card"
onorari medics, Interventi chirurgici ambulatoriali, test laboratoriali e diagnostici,
Trattamento ambulatoriale in ospedal, spede ospedialiere, spese chirurgiche.
sostituzione occhiali fino a 300$, the direct coverage doesnt mean that the doctor has to be 
n the direct list, 
differences between, recovero ospedaliero (like day-ospital), o ambulariale, 
ok so, day-ospital (chirurgico entro giornata), ambulariale (when ricover same as dimissione)
ospedaliero (ricovero, and different dates) 

