ok so, excluding the machtarsic, which seem kinda rebondant lets see how expelling/elimination
minorities can work.
"palmer raids" if you are searching for a name.
1919, and this was not after the ww2... well its not the first time that we get stuff
like bullets vs the sttrike workers so...
ad so, we also have a strike against most minorities and deportation.
(I guess this count as clearing up the country and resolving a problm)
we are in the order of the 10k.
ok so, it seems that the proiizionist was indeed a party not just a name for the banning of alchool.
nativism, interesting, and this seem to be the other side of the coin for the
industrial evolution and the surpassing of the rural world by the cities....
ok so, I can understand the racial question, but what about the religious...
I mean doesnt the protestant despise the catholic for him being a papist, well I dont think thats a limit 
for the intolerancy still. so why... maybe its just referred as an historical difference and they
end up in the same ways....but I dont remember seeing catholics being openly discriminitaro
just being connivent...
ok it was just a first phase (anwyay It should be interesting the adversion vs the catholic italian
or the ortodox russian)
ok so, apart from the typical, changing the """real""" american culture.
but protecting the economic system? isnt that something that the upper class should be more 
interested in?... was the lower class interested in that?
ok so, it was indeed from the upper class, anyway after the bolshevc revolution on the 1917.
maybe we can get some speech from the then democratic president on the igrants.
Woodrow Wilson, and how they took the comunism with them.
ok so, idk why but anarchis ends up being italians.
anyway about the slower economic grow after the end of the war.
and of course this was both from the rep than the then dem.
ok so, with palmer we get a serie of raids with a lot of coverage from "fake americans"
on their fields.
even vegetarian restorant were attacked tho.
and femminist as well (both russian... could teh femminist movement be linked.
even if they emigrated form the then after revolution russia...)
so there is a position as the "secretary of work" by Louis F. Post (similar to trotsky, coincidence)
but considering the envirodment how could a political position so weak do something..
ok so, he had the monistery of work but still, he had the responsability over the
immigration policy and knew how to move there.
ok so, it seems that proves on the anti-costitutional methods were needed ad were usefull...
how to qualify the "not everyone" here tho, anyway to keep the attention the palmer responded that he was needed 
to stop a coup by the reds,oh...it seems they were serious, and the waste of time they gave weakened the movement....(anyway we get rifles on cities and preeventive arrest)
ok so, it seems that the expulsione werent even that high....
ok so, it seems that this concept of quotas to mantain the balance of races in the usa started from there
and had conseguences on the jew that were escapig in ww2.

how did activism or progressives work back then? I expect some kind of ipocricy tho.

ok so, the last time we talked about how the proibitionism wasnt just a name for an era but indeed a 
real party.

Volstead Act, thats the name of the act that from 1920 proibited alcool for 13 years on the US.
right from the very start of the confederation/union the "temperances" from which I see some
religious motivated I guess.
ok so, we can see reminescence of the far west and violence linked woth alcool.
ok so, these groups were formed by religious (evangelic) women middle class and white.
and being traditional mined the role of the man in the family.
also something about lip service not given to those who drinked.
its not the first time (like we saw on the woman of athens) is it political? not yet.
ok so, these movement didnt got popular durante and before the civil war.

ok so, after we can see how at first we see how the proiition of alhool was linked to the
one for political rights for women, and mixed with the nativism.
ok so, we cal also talk about the different working classes.

under this point of view, even if the US is a nation in which there was immigration in.
the new model and fabric workers in contrast with the protestant and pure farmer.
ok so, the term used for the ones who didnt drink was "dry".
white middle class farmer who hold the true and pure values on which the Us was fonded.
altrought this not only attacked the poorest of the cities who worked in facories
but also the elite...... (anyway catholics)

ok so, there was also an iconograpy to attack, members of the anti-saloon movement with
Wayne Wheeler, anyway we also find the KKK, and this is where the women movement
entered in second plan and in the future it seemed to fight agains the act...

I kinda forgot how the Wine and by extencion alcool in general is part of the rites of catholics.
anyway we can count on german beer produceres.
but conidering how the us entered the ww1 vs germany there were risk of being treated as traitors by the
nativist so the oppositio quieted.

anwyay there was the goal to insert it in the costitution.
we see the 18 emendament in act, approved with an act.
anyway due to the demand and the discontinuity of the put in action of the
act there was a rise of contraband alcool (considering the proibition of production)
I guess this also ties with chicago and how a new generation of crime was born.

of course this affected rich and poor in diferent ways, considering one could affort "real alcool" from
contraband while the others had to try homemde options, of which most toxic.

anwyay it ended in the 1933.
Blaine act, ok so, the procedure to remuve the 18 emendament, with the 21 emendament.
so it seems that all emendament are like in succecion and can be deleted only by a new one
(is it like tatoos), it should be interesting how corruption and criminality rise
during this period to such level to be considered a problem.

anyway it seems that I was partly worng about the motivation that led germnas to step down.
there was also the savings that could be done o the production of beer to grain, wheat.

ok so, between the first cnseguences of this ban there was the loss of taxes re-collected and
and th efunds necessry to put it in action.
I guess that the 14% of medium taxes loss is important.(federal I guess the singular levels vary.)
anyway it seems that the Bureau of Prohibition had to double the employers and the budget 
moltiplied for 7 from 2 to 14 million without considering the more jobs on the dogan and
costal guard.

if we refer with the born of the modern criminality we had to refer to how much
more rise there was in the font of gains that could have been done with contraband in contrast with
the past.
3% in confront of the Us pil of the time.

the tragedy of san valentino in 1929 showed how miuch rised the level of violence.
and how the band composition wre divided in eticities.
the conseguences are still present coz even trought some gangs dissapeared due to the
end of the flux of mone the contraband there were others that were able to corrumpt and invest after the
end and be able to continue their activities.

alt right on hawaii, Boogaloo, hawaii short, to allow an easier new civil war, from 4chan
Breakin’ 2: Electric Boogaloo, thats were born meme reference, reference n 2018 in /k/ for weapons
and some went to facebook, better organized for chat, even tho the racism was clear in /k/ but not as
clear as in /p/ for politics, even trying to attack electric cenral and weps

republic of indiam stream, coz they didnt wanted to pay double taxes on no clear border.
between 1832-1835, anywayafter independedce the border with the nord american britan
in paris 1783, in 300 after conneticut river or affluent for the border.
by a calsolaio and having as goverment center and tribunal a school, and some taxes on produces were set in
usa from it, so recognizing, then anexed by a scerif new hampshire, after some tension for the 
filo britan in 1842,

so, Into the wild bus, the eremit was found 1992, poisoned by simil potato seeds, paralised.
anyway removed coz adventurers needed to be saved, the bus got there when workers, but then broke
and stayed thare, 

so, latirismo on low weight and high attivity.due to ODAP after cheking cases of concentration camps romanians
and even if avoided the poisonus piselli ones, the potato ones had too.

NASQAR from '40 started and liked to the south states

!2IX9Sq*B1EP

ok so, trump vs employers and green card, that allow to reside limitless in usa.
blocking other even temporal and qualified to allow americans to work theirs.
FWD.us constested the choice on limiting grown, anyway limiting cards (like the J)
doesnt allow who have it to leave with problems in leaving.

Peanut butter, ate also in haiti (directy in the street) and 
fine ottocento, in '80 '90 some concerns for too much fat.
arachidi as legumi, proteins and spalmabili, like for malati ricchi that couldnt chew
used as or animals or poors but during scession for unionist
for the proteins, then for street vendors on circus or baseball.

documentar by netflix on immigration on the ICE, 
in last 3 years on methods, and even if authorized treathened to trial the regist
not netflix, if shown too much, with obama was on illegals that commited crimes
but for trump being there is a crime.

so, maskes,the spanish flu in 1920 the quarantena was by soldiers only.
closing public and disinfecting, also to not spit in the street
