ok so, about the booris and the rest.

booring won.
ayway we already know how with 365 seggi he already has a majority alone
which is more than 326 on the 650 seggi.
ok so, we should focus on the brexit but istoically labour collegi and the north
london ones.
so about it we just get some data about how there wasnt enought clear aon the exact brexit (which is possible considering the only ones who cleary tried a second ref were the libdems)

anyway some comments about it tends to a fical paradise vicar of the Us.
ok so, it seems that it would nt be feasable to have specific rules for portion 
of previous nations who wants indipendence coz it would lead some countries to deisgregate from each othere

I guess it can be interesting about the position of collegi like: Blyth Valley
ok, there was also the point of having a split vote between 4 paries vs the bojo
like scothis, labour, libdem and green.
anyway the snp gained 8 points with 48 (+13)
if you need a name it should be Nicola Sturgeon, prime minister of S and from snp.
ok so, even at the last election the snp gained seggi, but cnsidering its 
countering the national flow, it has to be considered more.

what about the libdems.

and what about northen ireland. well.
remember that unionist referrs to the Uk not to ireland so.
and the reppublicans seem to had more seggi.
sinn-feinn (I still queston if the other part of ireland is ok or not with a re-unification)

anyway it seems that northen ireland doesnt have a goverment....
ok so, power sharing, if one dimist so does the first minister..
and it has to be some balance between catholics and protestant.
so withot pact of goverment there cannot be reformes or debates or new laws..
but someone else has to inplement them right? I guess the central power of Uk
ok so, the direct from the central parlament CAN happen, but it didnt yet...

anyway about belfast, the cathedral quarter.... 
anyway also the question of weighing up the idea from a SNP to vote conservative.
some colleges are bellwheathers, about the national results.

so, lets talk about the idea of left from corbyin.
how can the times be considered optimal and still lose?
ok so, apart from the fact that in response to material problems of poverty 
it seems to had been preferred brexit, which can or not be linked to those.
even if at setting up the problems labour failed at convincing with its solutions.

anyway it seems that the victory for tony blair n the 90' and the born of a third way.

Tribal Epistemology. feeling being right just coz its confortable for your clan.
cognitive biases, no need based on evidence but, support tribes values.
Dunning Kruger Effect, basic, Availability Cascade repeatd make it true.
the confirmation is to search our own.
Irrational Escalation, when you justify cost of probably bad decision coz already done.
reactance, acting like going versus normal opinion to feel like free.
Third-person effect, when you think that media works only on others.
Parkinson’s Law of Triviality, focusing on more trivial aspect coz its ez.

about the boris not understanding gravity and on vacation,
the cobra, which reunited for emergencies,  defined the low
impact for the covid, there were test to test vs a pandemy
with storaged material that was finished, auterity is said,
after not going to the 5 cobra meeting busy with his divorce and stuff
the first plan was to let people infect so they would developt immunity

boris showed not working in week ends and not going to meeting and taking breaks
when italy started getting 10% in intensives from contagious
whch was double the aspected, 

Marcus Rashford played in mancester united from 7 years old, and the youngest marcator 
18 y 117 days.

how when coronavirus, the situation was bad, but was deal wit badly, lockdown started 
23 marzo, after saying about the positive ifluence of it on olds, 7% on olds, while in
italy 3,1% and only worst 6.5%, anyway more overweight, more center and flights
on immunity of gregge, (protecting the vulnerable but very low limitations)
but after allowed to spread closed too late, and still doubting on maskes and being slow
21 april, 15 july only obbligatory, maybe to seem lay off and not too much stressed, 
and privates started protecting before goverment that did later and rushed.
