About the south:
the syrian war continues after almost 10 years.
700k from Idlib which was kept by the rebels,
Russia backs Assad.
UN envoy, 13 tried to heal conflicts without succedeing
how do war end, mostly if one party notices that cost is more that the 
possible benefits, but on civil wars that even harder.
with 20% of civil wars ening with a deal and 55% on inter-states deals.
for example in the Dayton accords negotiated by Usa to end bosniac wars in
1995 werent just negotiators but armed vs one side.
but being armed doesnt mean if failed in afganistan and Iraq.
the UN seems more active in peacekeeping than peacemaking.
and the free-zones just tend to give time to the attacker and usually 
dont exceed the 10 days.
no consequences on who infranct arms band in the UN.

so, Pope francis and how far can he go?
he balked(doubted) the idea of letting married man enter or
to even admit women to the clergy as deacons.
also the possibility to adapt indigen symbols and re-cobìnvert them
the idea of not letting priest can be supplied with deacons that cant still confess and
or do the eucharist.

Equador, Trial on Rafae correa, president from 2007-'17, transferred in belgium
and trying to influence election next february, while
Lenin moreno tried to undo the limitatios to judiciary and press, also 
expelled assange and witha a loan by IMF tries to austerty.

Colombia, the wine cost more that other latin countries, after submitting 8
forms and making the wine wait and with bad roads it can take 15 days to be done and
reach bogotà, the capital.
at first in , '90 there was some liberalism.
after lobbyst tariff couldnt still be set for being part of the WTO so
put no-tariff barriers.
the trade mass has aumeted but the % of gdp that it is in is just 20+%
being closed domestic producers dont increment productivity.
Peru and Chile, while could export less products but more open economies
and export 2X.
Ignored the cost due to fight vs Farc and thanks to exports of Oil.
but aguardiente will still be used instead of wine.

argentina default, 500 mln, still no tribunals,5 huge creditors
bouth titoli di stato, but even if FMI tried to concede for codiv
but refused coz too damaging for the investors, 

so, lybian situation and turkey, haftar vs goverment internationals vs onu + turkey.
anyway russian mercenaries wagner ad aot of weps from emirati, 
and some attemts to convince haftar to negotiate even by allies.
italians are in misurata, Di maio incotro harraj
could end up confirming, diplomats and secret agents with tribus,
knowing who to talk you is just a start 

anyway some venenews, army checking oil stations, in theory after loan denied by
IMF for the not clear state of head goverment

Haftar losing ground, trying n tripolitania but , started april 2019,
and even if another talk with Onu as center, too many influeneces

