About the east and the west:
How to make Romanian farmers pay tax, State owned supermarket.
opened in october 2019 with mono branded but with prices
symilar to competitors and trying to tax the farmers.
After communist, the collective farms were into companies while 
some for the ex workers, some rent to foreneights or let the
neibghbour use them in excange for some harverst.
high number of farmers(1/3 in the EU) but unproductive, but to scale them up
they dont have enought subsidies and arent modern to do.
many cant affort the tax register, anyway the minister lost his job
after those accepting where already in, (that garantied that transported to super market)

Juditial freedom in Poland, defined Pis as populist from 2015.
by the European Court of Justice, on how the political controll of
the appointed judges, now again when it was tried a disciplinary
courp for the supreme court, saying thet after 30 years there are
still comunist there, but most are too yound and the same Pis appoited
an old judge, second they say its for processes too long, but they didnt
added staff or simplified processes.
but the Union is made of laws , and having polish courts ignored by Eu could cause.

who will be the nest brits: ok so, even if joined late and complaining
the Uk was never alone or stuff they liked, single market, and stuff that dont
like the one defence policy for all, who will be the voice for those
positions.
like for reducing the budget with netherlands, austria, denmark and sweden.
and for the no army, Germany doesnt want to be seen as the one moving, the baltik
prefers having nato cheking the russians and poland too that preferred having the fort trump.
while france a liberal state centric economy the new hanseatic league the netherlands
to starve off statism.
Ireland has not the passport schengen area and has a common law while the rest has acivil law.
while the visegrad just ignores laws, and the fiscal discipline get not so rigid when france.
Denmark, liberal on trade but choosy when budget.

Paris, the habitat for the centrist macron party, liberal elite.
it has 2 possibles candidates, one more classic and a mathematician aka spider mr. villani.
atthe end he was kicked and will run as independent.

countering Viktor orban in hungary, in theory he lost Budapest, noticed
from last year discourse when before talking about enemies,
now that poland is bahaving worse on rule of law there isnt much tension.
even being 2* most corrupt with grown it wont get noticed.

Greeks vs windmill, state owned power plants powered by lignite in open
mines, with tumors and lung desease for the workers or live around.
for 2044 plans for closing them, all14, and to re-convert the one building in natural gas.
and solar panels and wind considering it pollutes 1/3 more that portugal symilar vast.
the PPC preferred to save money with lignite but tring to lower thei coverture
from 70 to 50%, anyway it could be against for the hiker tourist and
scaring the wildlife and also the fragile envirodment for big projects.

Germany, the possible succesor for merkel retired from position, after the
CDU voted with afd in thuringia, considring that merkel deided to
de-fuse the positions of chancellor and party leader.
and now request to re-fuse them.
considering after the thuringa fact the SPD could less to the CDU.
considering that alternatives arent possible coz the second is a die linke
another party the CDU doest wants to be support.

Tech boom in serbia, lithium and , even with heavy smog, now
google maps has the timing function.
right now tech is 6% of GDP.
and the tech industry drives workers back, while the goverment in old disputes like
re-setting the rails system for kosovo, with investement and tax breaks for game 
development too.
and the lithium would be close to where is needed.

something for ilva?, did things used to be worse like when during "wing days"
and the colors of the houses then to be darken or pink to dissimulate the
color of the oxine dust, also could polluion influent the IQ or leaning
capabilities of newborns, in tamburi.
Taranto is in publia, the heel of the boot.

sweden and temped bullism from china.
after a swedish national bookseller was imprisones, liberates, snatched and
refusal of making them see him again.
it seems that its possible to declare someone persona non grata
and with 70% of people more cautions (second only to jap)
also more scrutiny on chinese 5G.

Eu and boreness, after the brexit possibilities for countries to 
contribute from 1 to 1.1% of gdp, maybe excitement is overated
and big projects like the new green deal seem more mundane proceadures.

Bruxells and the regulatory superpower, by being a big market.
the threepronged plug is functional but its not standard.
and while johnson wants world the worlds goes in the opposite.
for example the commision thiking on saim plug for phones, but its lacking
hard power in political level, and even in regulation the companies
are american and can comply while some eu cant yet.

france, thanks to macron the number of apprentices added a 16%, and the gdp by 1.2% with
but not sure if his, less dependant on Export in confront of germany, 
what he lacks is a narrative, too tecnical.

decision on financial response to covid:
il consiglio europeo, with the heads of each state, "fondo europeo per ripresa"
added to the measures by the BCE.
anyway sud asking for perennal debt in which only interest are paid 
the fracture s about loan or subsidy, 
coronabond seems to be over even by gualtiery.

BCE not being firm on how much to keep the euro 
can lower trust and add spread, 

by the commision, the esecutivo of the union, 
the SURE about the risks of un employement
this has to be presented to the eurogruppo:
the group of eeconomy ministers financies
garanzie: temporal transferal to get more emitting titles
to then loan low interest.

Bruege on the think tank.

plan for the crysis togheter, for starters 500 Mla from common debt
after some discussions on Consiglio europeo with head of states
garantito by bilancio untill 2027, shared in base of needed after 
and then geven back by states in years, 
contributs are in base of the PIL while the help depends, so it can happen
and in 10 years ideas to finance can be find, like and eu tax for the
entrenpreux, still modest is paragonated to usa 1000+ mla
and how the controll be, the backfire is on maybe just as a loan with conditions
Hamilton moment like when usa in 1790 
anyway, response, debt with condition of controlling the debt, 

so, interprets in EU institutions, 4k from wich 800 fix and rest freelance
durable 30min at the time, kind of a cronist, but the sound of software for working
away can be damaging long time and low qualiy for speed, 
Traduzione are as usual coz based on the textes.

so, MES, no one without euro asked, and contrary to normal loans, less restrictions
except speding on sanitar, from juny 2% max pil ask possible, 
in 10 years and with priority in case of default, if the country is between few to use
also being priority means that later loan will have risen interest to balance

some afd news, expulsion leader from brandeburgo after his past neoNazi appartenence
declared illegal in 2019 (didt said he was from in 2013 when joined)
past soldier btw, divided between "moderates" and far-far, also est ovest
"der flugel" which is uner intelligence surveilance and in BfV (to protect constitution)

Poland, diritt and justitia and the center right (Piattaforma civica)
in 1989 urss ended there, 5 years president, right now less freedom of speech and
more controll over judiciary, and also denying poland moves as nazis, 
and even if PiS remain in union, isolation, 90% cathoic, 

so, how poland fell from grace, 2010, plane incident with president
before celebrating sovie massaclre on poland, due to fog, but alt right
accusing other and countries of helping russian on obstacolating.
poland today, always defening, always attacked by, lgtb, mulims, consumist, countries.
transition on 1989 on contries varsavia but after end
high un employement and corrumption on privatitation parts, 
the system of who isnt in power (alt right) and the liberals and comunist
and if there arent proof is coz its the system, 

ok so, Belgium and his racist past, 1865 1900, leopoldo II on Belgium.
ok so in famous in his era, berlin conference after 1985
the idea was to create a personal state to cuscinetto between colonial race
considered as personal investement, so militia to produce avorio and rubber
and quotas not met and mutilations on families that were seen in europe
anyway even if kinda everyone was in that leopoldo was ininfluent and graver
between 5 - 15 giugno, first time crimines against umanity used
after the anexation the previous was kinda forgotten.

ok so, focolai barcelona, L’Hospitalet de Llobregat is a city and second catalona for
abitants, region dividida en comarchas, govero catalan esperaba a second wave for october
not redy for now, tracciamento by call center sanitaro not professional.

ok so, the heads of state after 4 days and 3 night found about the recovery found, 
to be in the budget from 2021, no easy , who treatned to fly away in elicopter (macron on the rest "reminding
who is paying in the union") a common debt, to pass money to the south in mounths
1824 mild 1k in the nest budget and 750 as as a found, (next generation EU)
every 7 years, the found is different from the budget, a debt with the budget as assurance in 30 years.
400 as subsidies and 360 as loan, the aspiration from the north to trade makes them favorable to
a convenient union, not necessary pending, be like without resentment.
between the entries also a tax on non recicled plastic while in 2023 a tax on buys
from countries not respect standars on emissions.
rebates, a discount on contributions if not enought benefits, like in the '80 when uk
didnt receive enought subsidies on agricolture and rebated.
no obbligo di stato di diritto (so est still bail)
as long as the union depends on countries money, slow meeting to decide how to even deposit 

about the netherlands, advers to the state paying pensions and promises.

ok so, fondo anticrisis, rutte derecho de veto en espanoles?
un freno de emergentia en caso de malos gastos, presentar un plan antes del 15 octubre.

ok so, after approving the ideas by the concil eu, partial veto, first time, not 
ambitious, ok so the eu parliamenst (notmally in center right, left and liberals)
tend to work togheter with less national pression and wth stability of  years.
expenses were cut after gb left but there are less funds, 
