so, about the reactions to a iran general.
what to do when the nation that tried to put sanxions on you kill and the reactions to
not respecting the clauses, ok so, iran didnt retired from the del but was already
breaking some of its rules (like having more capability nuclear but still having
inspectors) its more of a declaretion, it was so to still have some margin with the
european states, and to get some space from sanctions, it was the US to retire from the deal
and its ira that wants to expell all external forces sent there to fight isis, 
anyway the expulsion is something that it cannot bear and of course 
treathening its ally to make it pay the base built there and to sans it.
what about the partecipation, we are getting similar reactions both from iran and iraq
(even considering he was part of the most conservative part).
there were also sustain for it on other parts (the ones victms of its iran-favorable policy)
so he was famous, for keeping order durig the Rivoluzione khomeinista del 1979 and fighting isis.
but we talkng about nationalist after the actions of trump, 

so, smog. ok so, we get a 50% with agricolture.
and energy production. and almost 7% is due to the waste of food.
and if we talk about energy used on, we can see 1/ for buildings. industry, transportation.
60% by cars in USA. 
about the farming and animals, 65% to cows (bovini) in which meat is mroe than milk.
and chiken is at the 8%.
here most is for the production of the eatig for these animals, and the digestion. 45% 39%.
anyway china is at the 30% in total, but considering the country width.
and also USA is at 15%. 

spd, linke and greens as for somethig for the left in germany.
while Tsipras still mantains 30%, and labour still has a structure with its funding
the danish are in a part of the identary left and in belgium the alt-right is.

Egipt, a regime by Abdel Fattah al Sisi from 2013, and reached 100M abitants.
ok so from 5.2 to 3 to the first 2000's fecondity rates. now its a 3.5
and western countries used to pay financament for campains for less.
trying with the "2 is enought" campain and distributing low cost condoms in rural areas.
populationn concentrated in 4% of territory on the rives of Nilo.
Il cairo has 20M alone, 

we call spillover when a illness pass from animals to people, and markets of wild animals
have to do with that, it is said from pangolini, at wuhan, called malattie zoonotiche.
one due to deforastation that get them closer and the other is the search of that
type of meat or some other product like the scales of pangolino, 
a virus can pass from a body to another oly if alive, before a time, and are closer by 
cages, also hygene with no hand washing and same plane to cut meat, it doesnt happen when coocked
but if he touches and then he touches hands.
china already banned it but after it spills it doesnt work, 

so, what about epidemy and pandemy?
right now we are in epidemy, we talking about malattie infettive that enter in contact
with individual, and considering how it transmit it can be:
spporadica, epidemica, endemica, pandemica, we can talk of pandemia only if
the number of out is comparable with the ones in, 

Muslims in france, to check the muslims brothers and the salafitis that are agains the
republican spirit, first, will avoid imamas from out (turkey and algeri) and get more 
french ones, avoiding also the refuge the salodiani and checking financements.
and less teachers nominated from outside, the Elco, 6M muslims in france, it was tried
in a "napoleonic way" to create a structure as the church, after that trying to get the
paris mosque to create a net on others but still, to find interlocutors is something
the republic is used to.
the dank french girl, an attack to religion can be considered an attack to the freedom of 
coscience, the crime of blasphemy doesnt exist from 1881 but not insulting people 
for their appartenence.

ok so, coronavirus and markets. the actions stocks tend to be sold while state
titols bought from safe states (italy kinda of not coz spread got up by 30)
China being second economy of the planet and it supply all factpries
in the west, 

How to re-build nortredame? with macron thiking about a contemporary re-staur
like the piramid of the Luvre, Centre Pompidou.

The panda, some autos dont stop being produced for thir popularity.
like the Golf from the '74 produced in 8 different series, Opel astra.
Renault Clio etc, the fiat panda from, '80 during the years of plomb there
were tensions and some fired in factpries for acccused of being part
of groups, also in '73 for the oil crisis, third generation in 2012,

hong kong? the new conselleurs distrettual giving new importance to encounters and 
istitutional reunions.

Sinn fein from 1905, and some partecipated in the easter revolt in 1916.
defined repiblican, and partecipated to the independence war to 1921, 
UPP and Ira during the troubles, 
also given a particular drawing, we can use the OUTLINE selector tool 
to select a drawing of ours without being precise and the create a 
QUICK CRIPPING group so we can modify just inside the selector.

starting from being defined "bronchite purulenta"
where the loongs were filled of sustance and the lips were blue for lack
of oxygene, in 1928 it diffused in all the world but due to
militar censorship and the only coutry for that was spain, 
after extracting infected tessuto from that age it was discovered
a modification of the Influenza A (one of the four with , C, D)
the lack of oxygen changes their skin color and wasnt possible to
distinguish blacks from whites, with air that couldnt exit from longs
the bubbles were on skin, 600K on the sud italy, ignored during the ww1.
virus means venom in latin, the microscope ottic didnt allow to see
but from the '30 the electric one does, a small filament of RNA that copy itself.
and revoved by proteins that allow it to enter the respitarory sysstem.

propaganda or governing by AMLO, with the rise in violence we see how the response is
my predeccessor caused progressive degradation, in contrast with:
the motto of Porfirio Díaz, Mexico’s dictator from 1877 to 1911, was “little politics, much administration”
using the national guard thinly around the country and using it as a
federal police that he distrust, after stopping the airport and
will be using state money for the reailway that failed to atract investor.
invited investors to a lunch and offered them to partecipate in a lotter
the income of poorest increased but investors are lacking.

Skol is a beer company and noticing that when it rains it used to drink less 
ModClima to make it rain the clouds before it reaches the city, but its not proven 
dismissed financing from 1940 when it was started.

Poland and immigration german style, with 2M ucranians from 2014, 
coming close to the west but, unenployement wes 20% before entering and now is 3%.
wishfull thinking on temporal mgrants allowing east to work 6 mounths without visa.
when they remained in '50 '70 germany refused to deport them but poland would, 
also the wishifull of coz they are few voters wont see, Uk tried that and churchill suggested
the "make england white" as a result.
they similar so dont worry for integration, in UK, beofre poles it was thought that too.
but then brexit, right now anti ucranian is low but didnt experiment recession yet.
(10 dudes in 2018 for a march), the Pis being illiberal as it is has very loosen 
immigration rules, its not discussen, 

Usa Africa and donald less trump, it is rare for democrats and reps to be togheter when opposing
foreininght policies, Mike pompeo just went for the first sub saharian tour from trump gabinet
Senegal, Angola and Ethiopia. the first with jihadist, the seconds to ask for more trade on their oil
and the third for the nobel prize, already defined the continent as
hole countries and being late in even designing ambassor for south AF one of the most important.
the policy seem in  by Bolton to counter China and to,
"All us aid on the continent will advance us interests" he got out pf the position
but it seems it keps there.
lik ein congo where differenly from eu accepted the rigged election president
to avoid china moves, abmbassadors keep workig but less coz they
arent sure of the back-up from the usa.

young urban and rich tend not to vote in election why?, no matter who gets in
their taxaction doesnt seem to go up anymore, in confront of 34% african states seem
to collect just 17% of taxes, most of times just corraling rurral voters 
with the food aid, youngs voting less is nothing new but considering
thet 60& have less that 25 while in europe is 25% its more noticeable.

delivering mail in congo is hard, nor like in the persian times postal service it seems. 
rebel groups and no numbers on ouses and moving people:
catholic missionaries help taking and selling stamps,
before going you can be asked to check some and take them if you know.
anyway only 40% reach at all.

in chine for the Corona there were set hotels for light signals and also
ot enought test kits  but if case is
worsen they had to back home coz not means to help, also differences between 
clinics that used to be eschew in favour of hospitals, from times of Sars 
95% of chines are coverd, and the out-of-pocket from 60% to 30%.

so, sforzi individuali cant change a lot on serra gasses, during covid it came back 
to the levels of 2006 but it will result to -4% kinda (vs the +1/2% of past)
Sale e scende a seconda delle stagioni, dato che durante l’estate le piante dell’
emisfero boreale assorbono più CO2 di quanta riescano ad assorbirne le piante dell’
emisfero australe (che sono meno) d’inverno

Jap and slave labour on south corea, 1910 to 1945 including also kidnapping for it.
negationism from abe even asking to re-open indagini did in the '90

