About the rythim 

starting at home, presentation, dress, new i town.
TV as ads for places to visit, house furniture as PKM,
Goal and ways to reach 2 routes? and high grass.
get a random encontrer with the hau presentation
defined as incident, as econd match, healed before
IKI town, first mention Tapu coco, no kahuna yet?
scolding on treatment PKM, Better map, poke puns.
Random robots:

New open area, 2^ battle vs hau, the team built by hau.
stones by deities, mission as to know the island.
going to the prof, map for edificies.

The School, serie of data on battling and more moves.
Tauros test options -> more area, PKM camera.
Dress, stickers set by skulls?
vs Captain? Hotel? for obvious route, no vendim machines

Mantine surf? past trialist did somethig, nature?
anyway vs skulls, who dont, cant do trial, 
Berries, on tress and no need planting.
Robots.

blocked by rocks, Robots.
barricades, for general area objectives?
event encounters from air and grass zones.
fresh water at 30hp, lillie lost
and robots.

1* ace trainer, oak calling about big pkm.

Spooky mission school.
deifloom and the kid, a hypno and class.
hiding from the slime and the oven grill.

traveling to island with mantine, 
meeting 2 grills, cheking ruins for lillie info, 
also doggo blocking you.

kiawe house, color house, tauros stuff, a mirino.
first pioners on the precedent, nursery.
evee, ROBOTS. dancing Z.

we get the malasada girl scene, megamart and the hypno half timer.
bad supermarket, Battle royale and the masked.
no choosen pkm, lvl 30 for re try.
a pit stop..lost pkmball lost trainer.

3* area beans + friendship, exp by captching.
Tapu fini, no tension foreshadowing water girl.
festival end RobotS, investigation, 

happy girl in cementery, Roto-lotter, 
A random blockade for the first trial zone, 
totem plus counter type pkm in zone?

kahuna teaching the dance, Dex, Sina front hotel.
theories from city built y kanto, mysterious bellosom girl 
in hotel, pika village old weast. vs hau indeed.
sudowuddo water scene, water trial.

limited fishing and no random encontrer while,

/Hiker after totem, 3 vs in a row, +1 ally(hex status)
crystal and poke fly.
pelago and RobotS, Eather, coldress + colors.
a Plaza, picking ingredients Trial.
almsot robbing someone, infernal soup. plus sudden.

totem,solar blade spam, + bug atk.
keklon and heal/ sun.
laboratory, we meet hau and lillie back.
ultra holes vs tapus, nebby origins.
tunnel diglet created by pkm in name.
we meet detective ditto police and grunt beat up by diglet.

Another graveyard, tourist and dresses, ruins bloked by mt
mallow house, indagini, lillie sad to kahuna.
big hotel for the pikachu actor.
me and the dude on conservation, vs safari

jap town, lillie on her mom, dress, biblioteca.

incontro P son 0-1, the factory, random meet alola oak.
the idea of trowing pkballs.
a behawe block route, we learn tecnique, blocked path for
not enought Z, needing of the bus for a mountain.
and team skull trying to move signal, 
some notes on how some cant use fly.
lillie and best grill, library, role of tapus and Z rings.
about mansion, league?, kukui, for out.
random oak moon ball and some funny mask joke.
1* trial in no natural.

mini mission search bugs, plan to evoke the totem.
we get the kantonian fake basket.
back into garden team skull no league if Guzma.
some show useleness, lillie go for dresses.

tapu willage and robots, about necrozma, and understanding
battling, the aether house, 2 kids acerola and kindapping
attemps, the remembered with in the lighthouse.

get close in supermarket as trial, and limited, you
meet ghost, secret mimikyu house, 
grunts kidnap and we get to no go zone, 
grimsly is a monk now, random isolotto for surf legends.
pkm center, the aspiring actress, ruins

police out of no zone, introduction to misspent and
occupied pkm center for money, 2 grills that steals each other 
clothes same name grunts, we mee guzmadidnt kidnap.
searching bug crystals, a grunt gets help with the pose.
we meet the depressed police, the rent is cheap.
a contrabander, when we back lillie is kidnap by plumelia 
also gladio.

aether, hau finally gets why, robbers again while
infiltrating, vs faba something something adults.
he helps us go down archives, as a favor?

new world, new pkm ball, type null story.
the mask, wickle heals us and hau dabs, 
we notice eather behind skull.
beating with guzma, Robots, lusamine vs the kids.
low quality kids, what can lillie do?
no trainer no contact, z mode, saving the world. opening new holes.
also Robots.

we pause for a day, we go for the flute, 
random master ball, gladion on the fundation to nothing
restaurant for pkm, going to the ruins new ride, 
grunts want to save guzma, the vie, Z move.
the Robots feel betrayed, lillie bridge and attacked.

trial on finish route, flutes on nebby, correte sciocchi.
opening on all islands, 
z crystals something for the travel, ultra magapolis.

second 1 vs 1 vs full force necroz, ultra hole ride.
lillie want to even if useless, petals for 
left trial, also machamp ride, re meet hau.
petals for trials? 

mallow at the cementery, sophocles sad, from police petal too.
gladion on entrance mount, necrozma without light, 
gladion leave type null behind.

cyberspace attacked trought hole, mini episode.

the trainers tree and mega evolution.
past bosses with secceded plans kinda for 3 gen
cyrus vs spirit.
vs ghetsis takig lillie, colredd hakai.

mini for ReD.
a first presentation presented as "adventure" info on histories
defined jrpg interaction, with "personal grown" as goal.
the pokedex is differensed by habitat also dream of prof.
first gym rock > normal use variety.
the thirst guards to get tea to to acces area.

pokemaniacs, "gamers?", lavander, mr. fuji healing on failed
relantionship, seeing rocket ways, goals and conseguences.
zapdos lv 50 oof, receiving the lapras from green.
