ok so, aslan, and the other warriors.

why does my x button doesnt work?

from the very first I was kinda curious, normally musou games are used to adapt
kinda of adaptabe series, or on historic events of military importance.
visual novels or rpg or even action rpj are preferred, for the what kind of story could be done here
of course one in which war has a role, and as that the individual or more, anyway game.

certain areas to become 1 with the army, litteraly, to defeat enemies and in specific areas special move
can be see.....
anyway special, light/ heavy, and Y + rB to a area move and change weps (does the wep change?)
while rB as a special move both consume secial gauge, anyway the horse not drawbacks and too fast,
shield + movement as evade, and if sucessfull I guess it gives aperture, 
cards, that can be fabricated with special, in 3,  zones?

ok so, mastery trought use fo weps, to add bottons combo and elemental effects
fire (damage)/ malia (damage and status)/ wind (for more enphasis on flying enemies) / water to slow down

we can see the idea this game has in map design in the first map, an open area where the objective
is just to defeat minibosses and a quantity of enemies, with a timer to set the grade at the end.

now whats the nature of musoe games, simplified fighting commands (combos) with more focus on a larger numer of enemies
with hack and slash mechanics, what does a larger number of enemies focus mean?
it means that hitting moves have to focus on area and number of enemies and also being simplified
making the player focus on position ad effectiviness, now 


ANYWAY after finishing that, big areas without any design on them and with as objective to defeat not too noticeable
minibosses, is not only repetitive but also puts attentions to the limited fighting system, and the hourse doesnt help
its too fast (which doesnt allow you to focus on minibosses (good I guess) or on groups of enemies (bad) and also
can rush trought enemies without limitations )
and also what it leads to isnt really satisfaying, after cleaning the (plain) battlefield we get into the orde mode to
be one with the masses and .... break an obstacle.... now, as a mechanic I dont mind it a lot, the first time I was kinda
surprised but, what do you actually do? get to a poit with a large mass of allies rushing trought everything
thats left, the group being large means that if moving space is needed it would have to be both large and without
any kind of obetcles or closures / rooms, which means that this plain battlefield was designed to have this mechanic
as pay-off, it isnt worth it, also coz you will have to repeat a mission here again after and his the tutorial.

anyway after repeating the tutorial cnematic, for no reason, its not like we discovered something we didnt need before 
about the character presents in the scene that we were lead to, anyway, something about narrative 