does burnout last?
what could make it last?

ok so, when was that I got that this was a good game?
well idk, I wasnt very sure of it at the start the idea of a sandbox for car races sounded to me like
limiting the race format with cheking a map and stuff, and yeah there is a point to make for that but again.
Responsiveness, driving these car is FUN, acceleration isnt a prolem thanks to the boost and the possiility to have
it recharged, trought car type or re fill, an hand brake that actually works and let you
do 180 with minimun inputs, the same for steering, which makes sense coz having high speed
and obstacles in the way or directions to be taken, dont look at me like that, it doesnt always happen.

again, the driving is simple coz most of the movement is trought platforms and areas to access after 
breaking the yellow signs, which is part of what this game manages to do.

RHymin, you dont drive to the missions (at most you have to drive to pit "stops" but for that later)
you drive TROUGHT missions, to most of the crossouts just press accelerationa and retro and Mission.
with variety mixing speed and bumping potential and stunt (which are the 3 stats in each car)
and you can filter them in the map, also you get some road specific time challenges I guess
in which you have to defeat past times, wasnt able to do them tho, thats why setting objectives and challenges cndition
is important kids, anyway what does set the exposition of this game, you know the explanations and rules and all
that longy stuff, (the game itself has to be considered a narration but thats a video fro another time)
anyway the only voice you will hear in this game, DJ Atomika from crash FM, yep a radio, and the musci choise
made me bind a button just for that, reading in paradise city? no way
anyway if ez to access missions and collectables under the form of shortcuts or stunts challenges isnt 
enought to keep you busy in paradise city, what about mini missions of roaming mini bosserd to stump across, literally
and there isnt a chance you can mistake them for normal cars thansk to their different color and speed.




comodities, between junkyards for change cars, painters, re fills for the boost and repair zones.
drive-in to keep the rythim, good, also explotration coz you start with the basic 4 in your area of spawn
to then get more in our map while you drive trought the cit