ok so, we have to check books, if I know already too much its not important.

qabbiettivi, considerando gli organizzatori e i giocatori, devono to be the same.
ok so, multi displinary of course. between communication, storytellig, design and business.
not simple badges or classifiques. gaming aspects to not gaming situacions.
so if we are talking about gamification we have 70% of societies forbes global 2000
ok so, gamification is not the onyl mean a agency can use for customer detention.
define and aply different aspect of the gamification.
the fields productivity, engagement, and support of e-learning, condition for it to work.
storytelling to strenghten the mechanism.
social goal, ok so, we have to differenciate a game from a gamification process.
a small quiz inside the book is the first while a competition using the book knowlegde
is the ladder, we have to define in context of no-game, not always ia about the fun, but
engagement.
is all about the costumer, inside and outside of the, the action fo the game is customizable.
trought comunication, with the customer, you have to make people play.
the pfocus is in the costumer and what he does and takes out, trought a common fireld,
individualism...is a part, you have to give a stage for expression that is likely to be used
(challenges btw) mechanism and design kinda different, variables..
motivation, cadence, content, reward, personalitation, morte platform but less
time dedicated, different aproach, the level has rised too, ok so, we are stimuling, 
action by a group of people has to think about the return channel. the reaction and the conseguence
more interactivity gives more spaces for the complaining, the envirodment in bidirectional.
multi channel experice and channels, not just emittent but part of the channels.
ok so, how is the engagement owned? bought or earned... the natural engagement has to
prove or give arguments for a diffusion.
the game itself as social opportunity, war for attetion before purchase.
if the focus is for the experienze to be shared autominally it takes more and gives more
doubts results considering a mnor cost and moe fitting for some procucts.
gamification created in 2004 (as term) from 2010 interesting.
what it is?
the use of elements mutuati from games in no game contexts. with reaching a goal.
game elemets arent alway the first thing to be noticed, the attention grabber are the
action withing it. and those alements dont have to be part of a game itself but.
other, in organizative progress or business.

the born of the game studies, from congnitives science, maths pedalogy, sociology and design.
check some dipartimento di design of the politecnico of milan, it generates
entrateiment and motivation, scienze and art, 