some about the NASCAR:

so, speedways, the mid-point between the straight speed challenge and a normal race on a 1 lap.
you get the speed importance and maintaining sped with minimal movement and positioning that determines your
position, also te circuits tend to be basic with some modification of the O shape, giving mor eimportance to raw speed and
positioning , reducing options to focus on again speed and positions, for example not even handbreak
curves tend to be large and something to be worked on.
in theory you can pit stop to experienxe the put stop and get a fill in but thats more for players
that want to experience more that 4% of the actual races where there are a lot of more laps.
but even if the gameplay has some elements of interest I would say that It was the surrounding to
convince me that there is some spice/interesting here was the career mode, again the music and envirdoment on the laps
have some typical USA vibe on it, and this is one one those games in which the radio actually usefull
this remember me a buit of rally works, but really, it helps you cheking the positions
of your competitos and considering the nature of the tracks the chances for surpasses
are low so thats why you are attent in closing their openings.
anyway after a robust caracter creation we get to the first of the 4 leagues and... turn it to caual difficuty
ok ok, hear me out, driwing these tin boxes is tedious, I get that you are just startig, its cool you have to wait
for calls to get your shot in some low budget speedraces, But you are too thin you lose track too easily
you drift so much and have less controll that in normal races and when any bump ends with start+Y 
no.


how does a game with a simpe mechanic like this adapts difficulty, well the awnser stands in its surrounding.
more like category of the sport it takes from/ referres to, adding teh specificc rules (I guess)
abd also granting less assist on the driving part, anywa something thats it gives a lot of attention to is
the distance between drivers, and damage does indeed influences aereodinamic (which is the first debuff you get fro 
receiving damage) to then pass to engine suspensions and stuff, which could force you for a pit stop
using your time or positions in the race as resource, but this happends most only for longer and more realistic races.
which most be for most of the player, anyway IMPACT, closer distances between cars means higher difficulty it seems.
cosidering the concepts of speed and position it can be argued that they influence more, thats why those are part
of the difficulty, as the mechanical failures they can receive or how good they are at recovering from bumps and stuff, 

while also addng new , mechanics I would say, on how you want your suspensing, anyway about the team dynamic.

so about the team dynamic, single player is kinda standard for the career mode (even If you shoudl skip the first league, 
good to give you the choice tho) anyway series of races, points given after each race for season standing, play-off to get 
next league, or if not money to be saved in case creating a new team, while also having mid-part anticipated
contacts with teams with standards and better payouts per race, and also helping when having a winning streak as backup plan.
also you get a 10% speed boost if winning an a winning streak, kinda random but ok.
anywya cool that you start you career with part time races waiting for the call.

the interaction post race are cool, exposition on how you raced, most of all how much you stumped with
particular drivers, also fanservice which is cool coz If you ae playing a game like this, you 
want to see them, and there are also tik toks which happen when getting up or down in the
interactions.
this also on the cars, and team and tracks, I would say the interface was kinda nice and the music is wat you should aspect
from this kind of games, BOOTS.

