travel in 8:

so, style is nice, beutifull, and it noticed more with the water, altrought I 
knda of wanted to see the 3 part when playing thit the perspective
but I guess it inerith the limit of 2d, anyway illumination
and envirodment is great, 
ayway tressa, small girl merchant, with 2 parents waking up with and showing
how they see her, already wishing to see and get shown 1 act of merchntize welp
 and after showing ability is buy from others, at discount or rare stuf
resolulence to help others from pirates and seeing someone who actuallt went
and is, get small help, does to recover, we meet merchant before boss fight, oof
we get help, past pirate, we get shown the treasures from world
the picture made by another of the  protags, ooof but ok
and able to choose chooses the notebook about the parts
we read of the past dude half, we depart they try saying
someone needs more, whatever, and we immediantly get out.
but we already knows how to use weps, how arent we just a warrior with
buying gimmick, 
Learning how to fight I guess its a little complex to conceptualize
or not,
I mean the idea of using money in battle or even before
(you can buy weps that need less mastery for example)
is just used in one skill, which just does damage and more defense, which is usefull but
anyway considering the framework of this game 

Its kinda of possible to see the kind
of stories you can have, if its about traveling and you are "free" to go to most of the cities
after chapter one, IN THEORY then the stories have to include the element of traveling
from the city of start AND also a lower energy/stakes story, to then get to the more important part later
why? well for starters stories take place only in cities, and traveling to rthe cities and exploring the map+
is an element of all stories, so, quality of life counter
-you get a level alert each time you get to a new area.
in a vacuum this is good, so you understad where you cant go, but again, why cant you go there
I mean its always possible to have limited enjoyment and accessibility to a city trought the means of a story
you dont need to have 1 (literal cartells that tell you not to enter before teh story)
and second, no access areas, you can say its becoz you can buy the power equipment but, that can be limited
in base of your level, ok, I say this but there is kind of a option, 
the cities that have the 8 characters are free to enter for a relatively low level, but what about the story I said earlier:

well, to complete those stories you dont need any extra character abilities (and most of the times you dont even
need your own characters abilities) and in theory you arent obliged to get the more characters, except for the story factor and power and secondary.
but even if you get 4 characters you arent assure to get the secondary possibilities, you can get the power possibilities trought shines that are easy to find, unfortunately any special move its linked to the class and not to the weapon.
so you can get some secondary skills like a percentage dependant counter, double attack or counter.
but you cant get more damagin skill for characters that dont have many (like the , merchant or the danceress)
most of the times, if its the secondary mission about items (for the thief and merchant) you end up buying random stuff
and then using it without remembering where it came from, again I wouldnt call these mechanics
there are mostly gimmics, that improuves your playing experience, you get more weps and money.
which all improuves the batling, but there isnt a lot of attention to the special action itself
no contractation, not mapping of items, no selling and no power ups.
there is an attempt to make the special action be worth in change of resources (scrutinize for hidden items
or hunting and guiding for more attacks more of that later)
more as means for the game that as mechanics themselves tho, no training of the beats or some option or dialoge
for the companion we summoned, or even training or items setting.
[also why does the captured monsters have to consume the action? most of the time the damage isnt worth it except for
break shielding]
the only kind of collant for all of the special actions is the reputation stats, if some special action fail you lose 1 of 5
and if 0 you cannot use any special action in the city, and how do you resolve that? money, get a merchant.
wouldt making some specific secondary mission for the city or beating up smeone resolve the problem?
again, this is not a mechanic in itself, just a gimmick for the battle phase.

ok so, special abilities should talk about the character, its what the characters do or are so in theory 
it should be the focus for it, now, we already cleared how these abilitites wont developt more that therie
first and more starightforward, and lets see some summory of it.

ok so, how much story are you given, all story happens to cities, so the first thing you shoudl do is
traveing to most cities first, which allow for a fast travel options (primouse unfortunately)
and the agency is kept for most of stories being low stakes at the beginning.
unfortunately having to wait/ farm 10 levels to get to the second chapter of your story is not optimal, considering also
that you get the new character at level 5 even if its your 4th character, and given no options for faster grown
(exceot some fast attles without damage) there is still farming, weak characters can be carried by stomger ones in battle
but there are still no options.
you can travel and find shrines or some dungeon, and except for some loot or miniboss, its not really that rewarding, 
when we got not story on it, or at least not an easy way or mechanic that would allow you to keep track of it except
for a list in the menu, in cases like this you just got 2 options.
1: having straighforward mission with a clear city (like a guide to a city or battle someone)
2: being focused on a mistery and then speack to an absurd number of people to then check if you have the character
you could need in the tavern, being lucky that its one that you cared about unlocking before.
becouse like I said, you would mostly forget about the knowledge and items you bought after a while to see
it sresolve some mission.

tressa, "buying" a "legendary" shield just behind the corner is ridicolous, it was so easy to resolve but just
being richer that the not-so-good merchant that asks you that, and the only chapter where the buying is used its the second
with the stones from the miners.
but the idea of buying and "giving" is expressed in the last chapter, and there is the hype for the locations.
Ali doesnt really serves as contrast on what tressa believes, its more a companion for the chapters, even if the possibility
of selling trought lies is brought up, he never has to awnser to it, not even at the fair with the carpet
but the real let down is leon bastralle, having a sort of mentor that was once a nemesis for the merchant, a pirate.
that helps her, but the next time we meet him, and after finding randomly a map, (ok) and reading it out loud and not buying it
so we cant get it (ok.....) we have to get the legendary, and get the story of the map.
2 pirate friends, he wanted to kind of being a merchant, he dies after making him bet to give the most precious thing
and so, after losing he became a merchant, WHY?
he never said that was his dream and its always framed as it was his dream, its not him giving something up
to live someone else dream, it would have been SO much easi to resolve this, just make the dream of 
the pirate be a mystery and having leon thinking the merchant as a job for th old, he would still see the conseguences
of re-manding and finally try his dream thanks to him, now for the bet, it would ve still giving something precious for him
, at least at the moment, beong a pirate.
now why is this important, the dynamic of hving stories on a city and a boss to defeat at the end of a dangeon
is not anything too grave, considering the graphics we have, more than walking and talking the interaction cant be too deep.
I already awnsered about the special actions, and in the case of tressa, having a shallow story chapter isnt really the best if you farmed levels to get to it, and te final boss in the final message is litarally a random thief of the diaary we were planning
to give, again, we get insight on the selling and propiety in the first chapter, nor in the second, and in the last a come back home, the idea of buying n a fair is expressed with the special ability but its limited.
the pacing is normally fast in most of stories, now for the story being good, thats anpther topic, BUT from the beginning
tressa story was about seeing the world , and she does, and sees different view on trading (also something limited) but the
second chatpter does that, and at the end she sees osomeone that cant do that and "gives" that to her, understanding it as
something valuable and complete, and going back home, its not like she doubts on the act of trading but that wasnt the point.
so its ok, its the easier story to begin with coz seeing the world and traveing to cities to unlock characters can go ahead, and 
the low stakes help that, of course having the game telling you to especifically search for character its not optimal to the dea of the game. also we spend too much time on leon

cyrus, probably the best between the characters I played, its start is strong, conflict on what knowledge is about, having an inclination to leave so thatw e dont hate the gril for gossiping about us, deduction flics and some character on his
apreach to girls, second chapter and myseries with an old collague, her knowwing him, we get some character there and tips 
about the book, we dont know what happens to the boss at the end, ez killing, but this is also the rason I am not too much against the
idea of random mosnters in some chapters.
something about the translatuon of the cursed book, we get some plot twist and the grill returning and save her , after her saving us instead of dying without our deduction being able to do anything, a scene without the phatos it could need.
nice wrap up from teh start of the story, we get some shipping that avoid being creepy with him being oblibious but not un-caring, final chapter, more mystery on the cursed, a really good back and forth on the character (even if he doesnt change much from his starting but he already had some so its ok), the enemy litarally cut short and decides for the battle.
we get the question and the awnser on knowledge and we get back on an idea of good and evil.
good, there is some character, and the pacing is mostly satisfactory.

hannit, oof, I chose her more for his possible interactions, we get the idea she is kinda closed and reserved
and during his travels we get more on her relationship and what he meat for her, she is determined but the interactions she should have gained is not really shown.
on bois being interested in her doesnt really go anywhere, and it needed have to go, but at leat a dialogue to show her gained
confidence. we also got the theme of the story to tell, but its not like she had anything to show at the start, she is already good and its not like the lack of a story to tell humpers her in any way, like idk, recognition on someone, his master
is already found of her (which is necesary and good on the story) and being the only hunters there isnt anything fr that.
and her being able to hear or communicate with animals, she ends just hunting away obstacles and its not like she uses that for anything except talking before or after hunting, which is her special ability, there is also the provoke but it doesnt
reflect on her, she never shows agression or confrontations on others, not so good implementation
the knight ardante are kinda useless here, she does the hunting mostly alone and the arent really usefull in developing
the bond of her and her master, coz we already meet character that knew him.
and that last chapter, we spend a lot of time on setting up the a kindom that needs saving, wow brown people having to be saved by
our special white protagonits, sheesh japan, anyway, after being set up as the hero, for some reason considering we were doing that for ourselves, and the knits being usless, telling us not to go there een if we have everything necessary, having the kindom army helping us going in and more motivation, eve if we didnt needed more, and then beating the boss, just saying something about it being un recognizable, we get back and find the master, still acting reserved, ok....., and with a story to tell, ummm.

Primouse, the ne I wanted to play with for interaction, yeah, so, inigo montoya on a father that was really important for her
and havng lost her past life searches revenge, beng reserved and finding a hint on one of the killers, having to open herself to 
admit to her companion on her abusive situation as a dancess, and opening a little (just here tho) and after freeing
herselve she starts, now the start of her story is the stromngest, we get a clear view on her situation, on her owner and
on dancing itself, as something she had and now is something else, and what is hers and what she would want, unfortunately.
anyway the idea of the friends seems to be there but also on her situation and her abuse, someone would expect her to interact
with this reality, and men, as if, anyway
second chapter, we meet an old frined in a similar situation of us, having lost everything for the same event, we ask her to
lead us to the men and after some guiding (random on teh 2 men) we get there, she expresses what she is and how se lives.
the suffering and the fear, the hiding of the system she is into, we dont interact with that, we just enter and
after some "you will find the dark truth in the next city" and after seeing how a knight asks for a "favor" and gets our friend
(something that wont get resolved at the end of this) speding time btw, we also gets some flashback which are cool
but dont awnser the question of what she has faith in, we gets some hints on vengance being something that is damaging to her with her friend pitying her, even trought we have no elements to see she is losing something, not even character wise, considering she is her frined isnt this something she could have done, a chance?
well we meet an old "love", we get the last reference to her past sitution on having her being ashamed of it, they talk a lot on old poetries for each other and some flashback on her up-briging, and we meet a survivor that tried to get to the truth of all, aslo the grave of the father.
everything put in hold until she gets her revenge, he had to give up after sometime having lost so much.
she goes trought and  sees how someone close betrayed her father, we still dont get what he discover that lead him there tho and 
after the stabbing in which we hold off our companion (why is it so hard to include an ally in the battles?) we meet our 
fried and after not awnsering why he was there in that moment he stabs us, nice climax on the ""betrayal of her past love"",
it would be so cool if I wasnt starring at some pixels, also how is this a betrayal by someone her loves if there is no trust included, maybe having her turning her back trusting why he was there, the betraya is present in the past but there is ot
suspect that could give a justiffication on the treason, our companion goes away, comes back, and we get our necxt destination.
we get mroe determination but nothing more, we dont discover any doubt about the faith she suffered or her father.
we dont knwo what the faith is, at firsth I trought it was on being sure of being the good thing but its not like we doubt it
for the father having some fault in anything, the love and treason is not used as dynamic except by words, mechanically we dont use the dancing anymore, no infiltration in our old house or any showns of how she changed before.
anyway last chapter, theatre , we get rpesented our life there and flashback, cool, idk if eh is talking to us in frnt of the public or isjust playing without having nobody notice us, but whatver, is the setting.
he talks a lot about his sadism and how he interpreted this as a form of love or how he knew everything, we gte a first phase with some puppets.
the he talks about how revenge is not the right thing for her, idk why considering her motto is litally on a knife
and she got training for battle and is defending the name of her family, she gets some flashback on how he was pround of her whatever happened, he tens talks on how she shoudl feel something, I get this is teasing but why doesnt he talks about her
dancing and situation in her waiting, he should know that and try to use it against her or try to ashame her. but no.
no development and too much is spent, the theatre setting is kinda of worth it tho, vengance as something that could make her lose something is shallow coz she have nothing in that moment, if she had an option to revenge and an illusion to forget that.
maybe with some gassithing y someone she "love", we get the ast moment on the grave after having the happy ending on stage but the knife for real, luckyly, and she is free, remember she was a dancing, I wish I could.


you could get more story or character interaction but most story are so airclosed, we have optional dialogues that at leats comment on the story but not script for that, which is kinda important considering this is an rpg, and party is important there.
the weak parts of the stpry could have been compelled by that, to get more characters by interaction but.... the only attempts are just commets on the story and its not like anything carries out.

conclusion, why did I play this game, well the graphic model is cool, again have you played toad', this is probably as
good as a bit game could ever get, the battle sistem allow for defense and offense, even if some limiting on teh magic department, but its doesnt focus too much on it limiting the adversaries, and to anyone that thinks that the "good" stories are
casually in teh characters I didnt choose, i respond, all 8 stories have to be solid, and considerng there is long pauses trought them, and their few number, a shallow chapter is harder to forgive.
all rpg tend to have a party, with the classes and all, and so the idea of having 8 ravelers in which you can chose the combination
seemed incredible to me, choosing a way of narration as you choose gameplay wth classes and equipment, unfortunatle its not so.

also there is a town for battleing and a colossiem and i cannot enter there, let me in, let me innnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn.

cyrus gets the yandere envious of other girls, anyway detective, 