OK SO, SOUTH PARK:

ok so, do I knowsomething about south park?
absolutely nothing, I mean I know the places the character principal
carman actitude, their political causticy that gets harder to
notice from anyting from youtube and the idea of shock without sustance or development
is seen in the game, but I am gettig ahead of myself.

I will get to what I aspected at the end of this so lets start

after the character set and the fanatasy style intro by carman to introduce
you are the "new kid", literaly, profecy said you will come to play with them ;)
with the class selection and some south park humor here and there we get set as douchebags
(I guess having a custom name for the dialoge would have been too much)
introduction and stuff we get ontroduced to the basis-

	-interacting with envorodment 
	-farting, to interact with envirdment 

now remmeber that you will have more options on the bottons Q and E that you have to
switch to, and then use F and G to use actiosn or farting respectively

why am I saying this to you? well this is not a tutorial so you wont possibly 
learn how to play a game old of 6 years here BUT it took me half an hour to get it
and I do this to remmeber all day that I am still not a true gamer.

anyway company ability equipment company all that stuff you aeady know, level to level up the
special moves (even If I dont still have clear how considering thereisnt an exact exp meter)
it exist but its not given and its confortable to play with but that s for later.
interaction some map traveling classic ì, first mission setting the main "conflict vs elfes"
yeah I would like to see that for later.

and we meet adult for a confront...... ok..... no, but that for later.

we get a nice cellphone interface for our friends that will be linked to
the abilities, messages to enjoy some characters, the quest stuff yara, yara

this is the second time I eliss like that but thats becose if you plyed any rpg you get
or even game in particular its clear what its is, I was here for the south park and ....
patiece...

also I almost forgot our backtory, misterly, parallelar "quest" is kinda hard to set what 
s up with us, we just dont talk and just transferred for "previous problems" I guess
at first you think if for some solitude probles considering the Dad ask to mak efrines
whatever.

// about the battle system, battle based with action events both in attack and in defense
for the excution, unfortunately you will have to get used, never trought that the
most used click o the ouse would be the eft one, welp.

obviously I chose the jew, after all where else could you choose it? eh?

kingdom of koop keep, indeed kkk is a funny joke.

//calling banners before the adults but it doent matter
anyway we experice the buy mask to proceed in zones, 
ok so, the adults are part of the banners mission.

indeed having weps re porpused by the kids here is nice and all, it would be nice to
keep this level trought all the game ...... emm ok patiece.

ok sosiege at the school and magic, here we will need to also use
envirodment to skip some attles, also brass, silver gold key, whatever.

//It would have been nice to see a translation of view and real on the principal
I mean we kind of do when he talks like this is a quest with bosses and stuff...
but being him would have been better....

also why using the frequence that we have in the training if we dont use it
in game (which is good considering that would be slow)

we get the typical bar scene without changes (idk call your mom to do so or take from fridge)
anyway I liked how you slide down (jumping is outdated after all)
also I am not so sure on the only thing the princess Kenny is used for are charms
but whatever the bow and the princess ablites are nice I guess

ALIENS, indeed if I have problems with the concept of battling adults because.....
patiece, anyway abdution and rectal inspection, indeed humor but you get a alien plug that
allow you to teleport, or its the fact that the control you have on your anus
allow you to ... after learning the spells.... should catman be able to or even
the MR that later will ...... too much effort.

anyway some puzzles some gear focused on this the audiologs are kinda funny tho
some simon says to watch more rectum, you know, for the fans

goth kids, indeed how would they see the game, and what kind of special
immagination could they brong to the ..... anyway I like how the little admits 
"they never do anything" its chill th, some mini mission, we get interrupted not 
just by the elves request, which is still on point with the current mission

just by the fart training but for a mission on the new taco bell
indeed going vs militars with guns doesnt ...... Anyway, sheesh when do I finish?

oh climbing on a tree to text trought the ravens, ;)

sieging the school, using the disables ranp only if with one, noice
anyway , something something desk, and go to bed
finally I see how the adults can influence, even if I doubt if just to have
the next scene set in nifght nice tho.

ok so, gnomes, this is a reference to the show but did we need them?
we already have aliens but,
I know we need the ability for gameplay purpose but we already have aliens
shrinking doesnt need such one timecncept 
(also we use alien tecnology in front of friends, so not even need to explain)
ah.... lets continue, 
so we get to the dialogue between parents, or just plain exposition on how
you still problems and specific powers to watch out to, remember that subplot
I wish I could, anyway its kinda of weird coz ..... P A T I E N C E.
gnomes stuff we get to the underpants gnomes that tried to stop
alien waste (oh yeah I forgot, it tranformed alien abducted in far right zombies, comedy,
considering the current state of thing not so much but "lets not worry abiyut that")
SHEESH when do I finish

anyway, something something playing near the occupied parents we avoid the fying balls
emmm what? arent we suppose to be at the side..... also whats up with their position 
change is this tetris, why do she calls him a sucker if she doesnt have any -strap on-
or idk putting him on specific position...... 

we shrink off off screen, ops, and no payoff ......ok guys I know its painfull to wait
but trust me, it will be worth it.

VS clyde, do you see how we link the principal plot with the stick, isnt that 
smooth, well.... it kinda of his right now, I mean you , well some companions
know that the stuff causes problems, we get a sense of stakes for the bad usage 
those thing can lead to.

but most are normal kidsso we got time, WHICH is good coz we get to meet another
faction, the girls ;)
I already dealt with the bullies girls so we get there, now

now I dont really had aspectection for what the girls or how they will turn out to
be, I mean there is a lot of pink and boys pictures, nice, we get 
some secretary desk and a judiciary room, I mean in our case it fits considering
we are pledging for an alliance and considering I am one of the bois.
but the judging is more on the social matters of the girls and
how or when to deal with a double faced one, its all about gossip
(is it about keeping a facade, ike we see later, its about honesty
its about how somethings are seen) anyway we ae used as bait to check 
the demeneaor of a girl with his bf, it works and we get almost beat up.
then after convoluted we have to dress up minigame, now I didnt notice
how we had to dress for the role, anyway we get to the minimission and yes
abos will be the comedy for this one.

ok so, this is the point in which the plots should link togheter.
then nothing, we get the old comedy mixed with abos and get out of there
oh yeah, the clinic results to get the so interesting gossip for the girls is in french
someone said canada, no? quebec will remember that
anyway to get a passport .. I mean special letter to grant passage 
but will need a photo.
its almost funny coz at first you dont link the dots on why he wants you to
remuve clothes, but the revelation doesnt hit as strongly, was he waiting for you
or did he take its place just in the hope to check some underage....
anyway RPG time.

welcome to 64bit canada, not to be confused with canada64, 
something something dare, something something a conservative asking you
to kill a bishop, I dont even see where the liberal was but whatever, we decide not
to kill him, (werent we jst kids?.....I mean, king krimson....)

we meet the comic duo and learn ore "magic" something something matrix
I like how they judge you on the spells you learnt between kids and how this could link
to past experienses or similar, you know as memeries to link old
games and mechanics and..... we already had an adult teaching us kids tricks
well supposed "kids" games, anway
quebec guy in a cave by the princess (I sthere a monarchy in canda? I mean it cant be coz
you know, [image of queen] so what would be the punchline, I guess some reverse on the
liberalism that is over there but we dont see the counter/respond except for the bishop. I guess)
and we get back,  had to get grounded to get out tho, ;)

VS clyde, anyway starting the raid, we minimize with our buddy and help some gnomes with no reaction
welp  guess they know them from the series, 
we ittle by little demolish the treehouse, now cows, welp nazi cows I guess
that explode, welp.

and this is the moment in which the plot of waste caused by alies for ?????
gets mixed with the power strugle between these factions and the stick of truth
or at least I wish it would be, something something craig ninjitsu.

and now, random bomb into the Mr. nazi bacteria and the ghosts, now thats something I 
knew from before, anyway miniquest to get inside and vs fbi inside and abort the bomb
welp the trolling, but that just mean we are close.

and now we get a zombie, so craig knows the effect of what the sustance but 
after some chot chat about green stuff from taco bell, so he thinks 
its green for that reason but... how about the effects?

he friking gets trown down the tree, sheesh, and then we set up the plot twist.
random morga freeman si vous plaiz for some exposition and joke.
but first FBI finally set off the mystery about you, its the friends you made along the way
they were too many and it could be dangerous or controlled?
sheesh this isnt freakig lufy d monkey, also it still doesnt explain
why you dont talk, sheesh something, also the agent believes in the stick
and here we get the kenny plot twist, also naked cause comedy
and power of stick and anime, AHHHHHHH, run noice.
also she dies multiple times, death vs anime characters, unfortunately I didnt do the 
quick time event.

welp we get down the oath taken at the start, welp surprise I guess, kinda weird
and "screw you guys I am gonna play minecraft"

