blending modes.
ok so, take some notes:
remember to set up your drawing in empty layers and to keep an eye in layers option
-multiply adds the shade of similar colors on the same making it darker.
-while screen remuves its own traces and lighten up any possible darken.
multiply ends always in darken color from the original tho.
screen and multiply are like the opposite of one another.
ok so, the dark will not be seen mostrly on a screen view while something clear on a multiply...
blending modes are about how layers react to each others.

plan same color reacts with multiply, darken, allow for high variety of tones.
ok so, if you need to blend colors I guess we can do that offscreen or just use a wet 
pencel.

on Gimp: use X to change back/fore ground color.
anyway you can cut/paste normally using shortcuts.
ctrl + mouseroll for the focus and just press for the zoom.
layer mask works on opacity and transparency:
white(opacity) black (transparency), the one uncover the lower
while the second eleve the up one.
(use the opposite color)

the importance of straigen the image, 
avoid using too much colors-> exposure on, if jpeg avoid using too much of it
(I guess), still need some help for the auto-white balance.
more lightness less saturation, the wand is useful for selecting specific areas.

design is function, and function is action, or response to action.
study the treathleo, evolitipn.
quaities sets differences. 
reactiong to your own lines, drawn to llok intentional, 
a graet selection of options just mean that it wasnt possoble o grup them in simpley options.
it seems ypu work for your own drawing.
set rules (not tecnica por se) with the viewer.

each brus or pencil has a way/ meaning, remember to use grays
to accentuate colors. 

digital sastrery...

talking about fighting games we see how stuff is about precision
on the art figures, and 3/4 communicate of them.

this of art as general, not defined by the end...I guess

in the edit options you have the fill options for a certain selections.
anyway for the FILL / FADE /status
we can just open it in another layer and then set it as a specific.

if you want to have multiple seleted areas use SHIPT while doing so.
rememeber that all the colors options of hue and stuff is in Filters.

(5)

ok so, about the layers ans inherance.
we can create sub layer with the keyword -> ctrl+shift+g <- on the selected
layer (to add more sub level use the same or if you want multiples just copy the sub)
how it selectes the zone to save its still a bit hiffy.

(5)

dont focus on color to communicate. siluette, shape or movement.
focal mass and mass, about what to look and the total.

its hard to watch movies with movie critics.
designers can see how everything is perfect before the start drawing thats where problems start-
being functions, be able to present stuff in a box, storyboard.
something that can be passed to somebody else.
if you get asked a style dont copy the style, copy what the original author was
looking at before making what they ask you.
get a gist of things with possibilties of more to handle to somebody else.

first jap comic, pergamene choju jinbutsu giga, 12th century.
about interpretacion of life with antro animals, on a view on society, 
during closeness of edo period from 1603 to 1868, in 1862 the japan puch
magazine for english, satiric, ponchi-e (for the type of illustration) 
manga term first used in to chenge the foreineght term, hokusai katsushika during 
universal exposition paris 1867, new term but they already existed
as (shunga proto-H), jui-shinpo the first comic-like.
the manga developt as story-manga, (1947 the new treasure island)
with disney and dynamic imaginery, bugs bunny as yokai, mizuki shigeru
gaucho without left hand, searching old stories and tales, (kitara dei cimiteri)
and war, 1976 (verso una nobile morte).
limited for younger audience untill gekira, tatsumi yoshiharu first.
pulp and gloomy, watakushi manga by tsuge yoshiharu tainting with
biograpy elements, poetry, born before the will einster.
Tezuka, modelatore di media, taking manga to modern age, litteral adaptemnt (neo faust)
gender identity in the la principessa zaffiro and women in Brabara, and teh 3 adolfs.
yonkoma (4 vignetes vertical), the isalnd is his, publish manga daikaku(coz too may request)
atro boy, A.I na dthe pinocchio complex (anyway he gets rejected by his ideatpr)
seppur ancore in nu(o)ce, astro boy (from atom as teh energy that once destructive now can)
a963, its anime for TV, so start modern anime, 
Garo, at the end of the '50' we see antologies week or mounth, taking the angura (underground) to
pop, 7 artist were needed and so they used pseudonimins, '64, 
tsurita kuniko, heta uma (one of them ended in eartbound) to AX.

I guess this is the background:
ok so, we first try to get the more color out of it by lowering the temperature to 3000

,rgb(98, 4, 10) 0%, rgba(147, 6, 16, 0.7) 30%, rgba(147, 6, 16, 0.7) 70%, rgb(98, 4, 10) 100%

W.H. Auden’s
can search titles from:
	jason john arne sæterøy
	giorgio carpinteri to search some notes
	Blueberry in case to check some style.

anyway in GIMP we can use the + function to get a group layer in which to dump 
other layers

(5)
you can also use the + botton to simply add an empty leyer to the mix

ok so, the Alpha inherit allows us to LIMIT the trace just on the layers BELOW the alpha iherit
and so not to dirt the rest.

for adjecting ue and saturation go to:
	filtrers-> adject

anyway it seems that the color selector works well with the mulitply and stuff.

ok so to colorize we first Add a colorize mask and then we press the pincel selector next to the
colordrop.

to be able to blend better the shadows of the multiply just remmeber to select with the
color selector and to check the adjust filter.

ok so, doing the shades and then using the adject on it seems nice, you cal also create a mask on it
to then use black to reduce the effect of what you did on an specific layer
which is below the first.

color dodge for intense and contrast color.
