Computer Vision

ok so, Computer vision, we have Jeff Bier.
Embedded Digital Signal Processing, to fit Digital signal Processing Algorith
in portable devices, from 2010 Computer vision, to deploy it in real life products.
Jungsong Yuan, Patter recognition, Visual analytics.

to make computer "SEE" and "interpret" the "world" like "Humans" and even specialize.
based on visual tasks processes by Biological systems, how do computation do that.
what kind of machine can, neurosciense and computer science used.
anyway image -> retinas -> processing -> optical nerves -> brain
Visual cortex analysing (back of brain) 
objective = automatic extraction, analysis of info from image.
an automatic understanding with theoretical and algorithmic 

computational model for human visul system, and autonomous systems for tasks.
extracting 3d, proprties of human systems are used as isnpiration (??) by engieneers.
try to simulate context awareness.
there is easy in faces but also lack on illusions.
used in cameras and cars that check objects, and factories on products.

interdisciplinar on digital signal processing, neuroscience , AI.
and with the ladder it shares patter recognition and Machine learning.
Computer vision topics can also be studies pre mathematics, 
like methods of computer vision with statistic/ optimitation or geometry.

computer vision advancng trought computer architecture / software engineering
Image acquisition, and stydy on solid state physics, 
adquiring trought electromagnetic radiation = visibe or infrared light.
Optic is also used, visual information as digital signals, 
and so using digital signals processing tecniques, like with 
one-variable signals (temporal signals) cn be extended for 2 variable
like visuals, 
developed methods that cannot be re conduced to 1 variable.

Digital image processing with image to image transformation.
in compression, restoration, enhancement.
and this is the first step to then.
pre-process for high level analysis.
this is where neuroscience. styding to extrapolate
how real vision works to solve vision-related tasks.

Computer graphics that produces image data (2d) from 3d.
while computer vision takes from 2d to 3d.

Machine vision: apply tecnologies and methods TO image-based authomatic inspection
to process controll, robot guidance 
PHOTOgrammetry, calcolating distances from photos.(from modern photograpy)

computer vision from AI, image processing, machine learning, robotics

OpenCV as toolbox

computer vision isnt so ne (decades) but expensive and complicated, 
people change slower than tecnology.

zaratebellido.1809733@studenti.uniroma1.it 

started in 1950 in: replicating the eye/ visual cortex / rest of brain
1957 perceptron machine, and pixels, SCANNING mages to computer.
due to memory in grid, digital image. (baby)
1963, starting the 3d in 2d images.
in the '70 first commercial use:
Opticla character Recognition OCR.
digital camera in '75
(anyway use can be line extraction, edges, movement prediction flow)
at end of '90 computer graphics used in.
neural network in 2005, using GPU's
2012 imageNet challenge AlexNet.
Convolutional Neural Networks: use for faces, traffic signals, robots in factories.
Generative Adversarial Networks, used to learn.

use dfor robots interact outside, internet of things.
also for the blind, 
power cable, camera, processor and communication or wireless.
Vision processing Unit for demand on fast processing on types of cameras (like gopro)
s u r v e i l a n c e.
drones and BIOmetrics (like fingers, iris)
on filters or ogmented reality.
image re-targeting (not simple to fit imge different aspect ratio)
navigation, Panorama stitching (like in street wiew)
