learning framework or library..stil not sure about that but still.
Computer Science it seems.
like recursion, functional and object-oriented programming, and algorithms.
Shopify, 
 
getting insoired by the details you care about, search for data and people
who may know data.
give fats to the audience. connections. simple. paragraèh schort.

well you can search quizes, anyway I guess you have to be clear about what you are
scare about, clear, ry being clear when needed, 

you cannot claim you are working for others if your workforce doesnt resemble the
external world.
celebrate the product but not ignoring the question they raise.
its seem that the industry trakes itself too seriously excot
when talking about its own problems/ responsabilities.

whiteboard: which is tecnical and social, you wil probably use a pre-existing library.
search accademic and publicv speech , readibility first.
gradual, no need to code immedianly, you can search in.

InterviewBit
HackerRank
Codewars
Codefights
AlgoExpert
CarrerCup
Interview Cake
LeetCode
Geeks for geeks
Pramp
HackerEarth
HiredInTech

communication and connection during interview.
its instinct only if you dont understand how it works.
you have to be let talk but be concise, clear.

write everyday on.
and when redy find a way, just one?, yes, be consistent.
-publish for pay, sponsor, mentor, set up interviews, videos, merchandise yourself.
write for others, the reader is a costumer and whats something from reading you.
human centeric deisgn empatetich. write for them and not just to sell to them.
approchable, write first, wait a day and then edit.
different states of mind, make clear what you feel.
subscriptions I guess.

check out when and how confy are they with their inneficienties.
dont ask why as a branded but check how ways and put you in their position.

wtheck is transhuman and biohack stuff, sheesh.
ok so, enhance intelligence:
intelligence: ability to accomplish complex goals.
so in shorts aplied and multi-directional.
ok so, different type of intelligence.
classic: logic, creativity strategy, problem solving.
applied intelligence: energy,emocional controll, focus.
social: empaty, Persuasiveness, "social skill".
dynamic: learning how, memory, knowledge.
(I mean memory is what knowledge means but whatever)
intelectual abilities, ok so, about the bio-hacking check
mitochondria-enhancing exercise, anyway with all of this we
would get biological inequality, considering that the max age of rich in 30 years 
grown of 6 years while the lower middle stayed the same and the poorest decreased a little.
goals, anyway to start we need the aplien intelligence to get into motions.
high-quality deep downtime, modafinil, habits.
do what you need to get into motion. I guess that for deep work we talkig about no distractions.
Braindead after lunch? Don’t have lunch, cit.
ok so, it seems that biohacking hels in social interaction(intelligence), ?
beta-blockers? lol, its about having ormones that get us more 
enhance body-language?, more confident, 
ok so, how does sleep work and why?
accumulation sleep pressure (adenosine), circadian rhythm  which is a mix of
internal clock and melatonin, there has to be a rythim between them.
maybe glasses to stop blue light, gunnars.
dont drink tea if 9hours sleep, ok so, sleep pils just make us
lose coscience =/= sleep.
how do anti depresant works tho...get litium.
focus sensations and emotions, findind that in your body, and watch.
watch out the amigdala.
physiological need, in a time efficiet way, anyway the male ego is kinda distracted so get it
out of the way. about the eating.
autophagy, about remuvg the unnecessary and outdated cells.
were we designed to burn fat and no grain? ketosis.
anyway ketone to get a faster metabolism.
predictible irrationals, MDMA, Modafinil.
how can testosterone influence mortality and gender difference.

so, what about creating a script to check keyworkds in work list?
also you should do that with a vpm and time...
search bots.... turn features into services.
data structures, algorithms, and system design.
go for less verbose languages.
LeetCode, HackerRank, and Project Euler.
Get your own set of fine-point markers.
on your resume, completed projects.
Facebook/Google — very mechanical. The standard interviewing process
Pinterest — not the best interviewing experience, but a cool product and company
Amazon — standard interviewing process. About 50% of the people love it, the others don’t.
Twitter — incredibly fun and personal. Loved the interviewing process, gave a lot of emphasis on the individual and what I’d done in the past

so, how it is inside twitter:anyway mindset with books.
anyway remember than differenly from startups (ship fast no need quality)
most of the cost in software development long term maintenance of software.
anyway you can break things if you have alerts and metrics in-place (also controll over 
the blast radious for errors).
how to knowledge with large group of people: processes to build consistence.
cost is gave in days.
goals and no goals of any problem. so how to deal with mistakes.
blame-less: support trought giving possibilty to do mistakes and learn.
code refactoring, trying to reduce the code debt (polishing) to avoid it grown.
lunch presetation for new things.
the best people own adn dont just complain about problems. 

so, whats an url?
URL is an acronym for Uniform Resource Locator, so, is it unique, and it locates the 
resource, like an adress I would say.
retrieve.
https:// the scheme, we set the protocol we are using to start retrieveng, by the browser.
protocols are needed to send data to the internet. (https for example (with ssl))
then we get the domainName.com also called the host.
host or server we are requestin data to, the .com is domain suffix.
www. is the subdomain. when you see a number.
:80 its the port, its the number of the gate used into the server.
they can be well-known numbers. normally its omitted or just another separator.
80 for http and 443 for https.
and then the path, like in folders.the lashes work as to maintain the hierarchical syntax.
then you wil get a ?quertystring it enables the server to return specific.
#anchor, a specicic section of the page (used in html to set view on specific part)

ok so, any document has a password hash, and like hashing browns (fried potatoes after cutting)
you will need first to slash some, shreds, grating, with a hashing algorith.
anyway the dude used perl and JtR (john the ripper and with specific parameters.)

high speed programming: get used to others code and be ready to read.
train the eye to check on bad projects.
dont overdue meetings, avoid developing systems everythime.

people wants to listen to "experts" kinda.
division of labour was seen by Adam smith tho, engine capitalism.

Know your run time complexities, Big-O.
Data structures. know them and which to use. learn logic.

front end, structure and visual client experiense, Foundation, Backbone, AngularJS, and EmberJS
to help like boostrap, translating all the data into web-speak.
Back-end, at the back of a site there is a server, an application and adatabase.
enables the front side and mantain the structure.
PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, and .Net to build an application, MySQL, Oracle, and SQL Server
for find, search the data to use.
plus version control, linux and SQL framework.
also have to check with stakeholder for needs and budget, handling data.
anyway about the data of any site and it send it to your device.

Full-stack, linux servers and server side API, 

ok so, what will you need (now you have also the space to.)
the dude mounted an application, CRUD application, PHP/MySQL.
complexion and version control.
anyway try to have user group, working for companies.
some simple projects to put on.

dynamic programming:
identify it as DP, the variable, express the recurrence relation
base cases, to implement it iteratively or recursively
memoization and time complexity.

DP is a mthod of resolving problems into a collection of simpler 
subproblems, resolving them and storing their solutions.
resolve all cases and store thier solutions so to save time and space.

