Responsive Web Design:
learn/use concepts from interaction design
to build an interactive website capable to adapt 
to different screen sizes/devices with the use of responsive grid layouts.
and trought the use of Javascript objects and templates to separate data from display and allow
a more productive and cleaner coding.

this course focused on: 
1.the inportance of the User experience in allowing the user to navigate efficently 
trought the content of the page organized in effective layout
with navbars and other design elements 
in order to design impruve the usability and build an interactive website.

4. Use Bootstrap components to realise page designs
Create wireframe mockups of web pages
to set up a basic Bootstrap site and build Bootstrap collapsible, responsive navbars using 
breadcrumb trails and you'll also be able to build multiple layouts in one with a responsive grid. 
at installing Bootstrap themes.

and build responsive navbars with Bootstrap collapsible, 
build multiple layouts and use breadcrumb trails to guide
in one with a responsive grid Bootstrap themes.
 
Use the Handlebars template library to convert data to HTML 
We are gonna start putting some complex usability tools into
our page,
managing/dynamically display our data/objects in a more ordered way trought 
to store objects in an array and display them with a 
template, with complex data structures
Add interactivity to templates using JavaScript event listeners 

7. Add interactivity to templates using JavaScript event listeners
Use JavaScript data structures such as arrays and objects to define the data used in a web page
separate page structure from page content, use JavaScript objects 
and implement JavaScript templates with Handlebars as well as being able to display different 
data with the same template and the same data with different templates. Finally we will be looking 
at using a Bootstrap modal.
to store objects in an array and display them with a template, and dynamically display data
from an array. We will also be looking at implementing a search function, and by working with complex 
data structures, switching between different templates.
-set up a basic Bootstrap site Create wireframe mockups of web pages 


6. Use the Handlebars template library to convert data to HTML 
you will learn how to separate data and display using Java Script 
objects and templates





