the "no grill challenge" based on reboots of 90 days with set difficulty
(complete or no use of NSFW) to check any addiction.
which tends to "hijack" on the dopamine receptors of the nucleus accumens (pleasure centers)
differenced between addiction and overuse
APA doesnt even consider it a a disorder, convulsion?
the feeling of shame is the polar opposite from addiction's justify
reactions also thended to be the same from "addits" and not
the use of NSFW seems detrimental for man but usefull for women
different focus, different shown.
the morality of "who" or "what" is consumed.
in theory stimulus helps controll over and testoterone tends to grow
to a valid level jst in 7 days.
also it can be a scapegoat for other problems and needs more than:
anedctodal roupthink.

//

About what you need in someone.
ok so, the possibiloity of trust, loyal and honesty....
isnt the moment you have to prove rìthe moment you arent sure
of it, the possibility of being yourself, no fakers I guess.
a receptor of you, who is interested in you, like a drink.

ok so, about liking it, and starting it before using your mouth
the idraulica, lay and the other knees.
ok so, about the frenulum...I guess its the triangulum near the head.
ok so, its not always always sucking.
anyway if you want some light stimulation try the taint.

each as a story to be told, developted.
ok so, try to ask personal opinions
(I mean a personal awser)
whats was your greater lesson you have learned from your last mentor/experience
if you had to take the stage and talk about something, what would it be?
BuT i BELIEVE WE HAVE A MUTUAL CONOSCIENZA.
check who will be there and some cross examination.
I was arguing with my fried about a topic, would you ind be the tie-breaker
in 5 years what skills will be most in demand.
what kind of job you think it would be optimal for someone starting out its career
is follow your passion a godd or terrible advice?
where do you think people are more productive home or office.

if you could read only one boo for a year what would it be?
what subject should be teached in school that currently it isnt
so, you think public speaking should be mandatpory in school
if you didnt have to sleep what would you use those 8 hours for

search common interest I guess, by first letting them talk about theirs.
say your name at the end asking theirs.
is low carb the way?
contancy or intensity.
so for someone who travels stay in shape.
if you have a soft spot for booze and have a six packs.
how d you know the host?
so toby maeguire whats your name?
what ya wanna be when ya grow up?
Taking off a year before starting college is a good idea, right?”

esx5vhfa9xx764u

soa about the peepee:
dont compare to the airbrushed fotos.
ok so, we have to check the lenght and width of one.
or even the fact that erected it can be different.
thats where you see, it seems that the ones big dont grow too
much different, also getting hit in the cervix can be painfull and
after there can be sore, ok there is also a kink about it 
but not always they are, I guess its fault of porn.
we can see some white men often eroticize Black men.

ask the manager how or if they have some offline time breaks for their
life/ work balance.
I guess you could always send an agenda in advance to know to the other.
simply ow they ae, what they can do and wanna.

so, about the famous checco, next.
about the section for the immigration sector, it shouldnt be just
security but its part of work, external politics social politics.
how can we say that he attired europa s eyes? and the only time he went to a reunion
was when he disputed with the luxemburger ministry.

young z generation who not yet wearing bras that are categorized by letter-and-number sizes
sharing obscee material and trying to act as a "first", be aware of terms like
instagram bf and request o shring of what we said before.
even if excuses no way to stop the squallid, NCMEC.

so, what about the addiction and compulsion, 
for addiction we talking with a dependance of certains substances or behaviors to 
cope with life, even if harmful, what about compulsion intense urge, part of the obsessive-compulsive disorder.
and can create behaviors, ok so they ae linked but have differences.
-pleasure, now even addicts can feel disconfort but still look forward to a possible
pleasure, the compulsion is about the relief, (compulsive behavior example)
its about checking how they reacth when stopping.
-reality, a compulsive knows it s not common to do so, and knows itdefies logic.
while an addict justify, denial.

so, anxiety attack and panic attacks.
ok so, for panic we have high levels of, sudden fear high level stress.
its a protective response to some, anyway they are linkd to panic disorder but not
only.they can be expected due to previous, and have a great inpcat in the after.
accelerated heart rate, shorthness of breathing, sweat, trembl, cheast nausea or pain,
depersonalitation or dereality, fear losing controll, 
+ both disrupt, 
while anxiety attack, is not universally recongized, but anxiete alone is considered
the core feature, of illnesses, anxiety disorders, obsessive-compulsive disorders, and trauma.
anxiety developts over a period of time, precedutes with feeling of dangers and worry.
muscle tension, kinda the same from up but lower.
long lasting tho, 

trust is the oil for this machine:
your first job? heva you met anyone famous? what book ya reading now?
if you could learn something instantly? if physics rappresented your motto?
earlisest memory? have you had your 15 minutes of fame yet?
how do you like your eggs? 

Email Service Provider to get people on it.

what ya need to ask your boss?
a good boss ask questions (if it cares about what you doa nd how)
where are we going, where will we be? (the vision?)
whats the biggerst treatdh to me? us? the company? the industry?
where you think I am going?
what you wanna leave to the ones following you?

support and build fidelity clients.
changing activities can diminish the support from frineds that arent there yet.
ok I see, coatch as professional friend.
see the desires of objective from the ones searching coaching.
see request already existing and connect.
normally not everybody who search this is rivch, but they see and want to.
so, hawthorne effect, being watched, (responsible = responsability)
try do less and let them, anyway try to go from one to many.

anyway set up an opt-in, to get an email-list.
a web form...sent to possibles customers and send them offers.
solution...precise, focused, quick taste.
what ya offering, anyway lead title on it. 
“Want to [desired outcome]? Then you’ll need to [action they need to take]. 
In this FREE [PDF/video/MP3/etc.], 
you’ll get [repeat or paraphrase the title of your lead magnet].”
tree sentence kinda.dont ASK to subscribe, give them worthy.

not romanticize a starving artist, all art was backed.

anyway about the defaut/focused mode of the brain.
education researchers dont check others job?

on how history works, tolstoj wrote war and peace on the basis of big events
and small individuals.
so, what is greatness-

no evidence of right.left rained people, there are zones positioned in each part
but its not like people have stronger parts, 

ok so, you may be asked to write some social articles about the activities.

ok so, th eproblems to be down there is about the smell and incidents.
a guy asked to be punched while down. run after spank and rythim.
I guess be redy in private random situations.

being more sensitive during pr, so the first 3 mouths are the more hard to adapt to, then before the 
ending its kinda stable.
placenta previa, a condition in which the ba dposition of the placenta can make it lose.
oral as alternative if put in control, on top, or spooning.

seem like focused and objective, find their search, making yourself getting payed
is to help them to make look you leadership, its for them.
offer them something pay from you, also packages not single sessions.

-rappresentation impront left in the soulthat receive a comment, everthing does.
conserve your inner as if you were redy to give it back, without hoping or fearing, calm 
decisive. -body soul intelect, sensations, instinct ideas.
-it is to be there free, calms and spontaneus on it.
-alwats keeping its options for any fair option, as a great fire capable to evelop all that is on 
and uses it to go further tha a small lamp.
-cheap option just to retire on paces, yourself, max tranquilitry, ideas that give him peace.
-exteriors dont reach the intern, soul, any annoyance depend only of us.
-the being is transfomation and life is response.
-how nature works its fate -if you let ragione act you will need nothing else, if you do, you 
arent letting it act.
-the same incense drops on different altars.
-fame is exterior, it doesnt reach or inrich you.
-what is true doesnt need compliments, if it is, it just need being to be.
-keep the best of instinct and the substance from ideas. -everything transform dont limit to the small.
-hegemoniko -no needing of act as medics, astrologist filosofers braves on killing others or tyrants
who forget how it is to end and that they do too.
-unlucky me? no me felix cozthat could have haappened to everyone but not everyone would have been redy to
keep itself as do, and I know coz I went trought that, thanks to this. the opportunity.
-responsability in keeping and being part of the flow of the universe, not made to 
please yourself but to do/ fatigue.
-no being is even worse that being withoit using the reason, the opera even if dominated by their passion.
-there are the kind of people that after good say it in the bill, the one s that dont but 
stll keep count in the heart and the nes that forget like a tree that gives fruits 
donest stop and continue doing.
-search filosofy as a il who search for medicine understanding that you need it and feel good at
re penting and coming back.
-npyjing higher than complete spirit, unlike the lie that resides in pleasure.
-the animun cannot be moved oreven influenced by items. it mued by itself
for event and opinions intern.
-name as just an echo, thing are variabe and vaquae while sensations are voluble and obscure and 
fallable, 
-if a lacune is not due to me nor mine nor affect society, is my action called?
-find the truth and minimal real essential aspect of things that tend to distract
by making seem bigger to the masses. meat as just bones,juice as biccia and act as budellino, muco and a little spasm
-actitude and virtue to act and not act, like art and study
-following things slows, fear of losing or sospecting other that can private you from
prepare thig to what they have to do, like teachers.
-you can just avoid discretely without haste
-be happy to be shown your lack of truch, considering thats what you search and 
always good while deial only worsen that lack
-as a tecnician follow the rules of his art, so you follow
the rules from the intelectum, away from the ones that dont know but still talk
-search and check virtus around you, this is what is good for one self
-who want goriam search other action, who search pleasure on its senses, who virtute on its action
-stand with benevolence things of lower stature, one is what it search
-evil is everywhere and remember always that you see it everywhere
-dont worry about the future, you will get there, worry about the ratio you will have then
-consider yourself as art of all, not just a part, like some obbligation
-base of physic, etic and logic.
-death doesnt means desapearin from world it dissolves in elements that
transform, but they dont complain.
-accogli senza arroganza, lascia con facilita.
-others defect have to be understated if you dont have them, if you do
you are obliged to forgive theirs.
-pain cant change the ratio or sociability, let the immagnation out of it.
-giving has as end the other, only fools expect other results like being see
or being re-payed.
-you can repent not being good which is good by nature, only fools repent pleasure that
want good to begin with.
-its only human to work in society while sleeping is also animal.
someone is what he wants.
-for pleasure exist temperance.
-why caring about fame for the future, they will be similar as the ones today
and you dont stand they so...
-ratio as a river that flows away even if tainted, not like a closed cistern.
-nature is truth, so lies are out of nature 
-not in feeling but in doing is good and evil.
-obeserve only matter and motives, only those 2 exist.
-just ask not to need to have.
-only a ill eye or ill stomach get just 1 color or flavor, so does a
low intellect when thinkng "save me" or look at me", not like a mill
that macns everything.
-at center earth and water, passive, while up there is air and fire.
-all is opinion you make, free yourself.



Situation, Task, Awnser, Response.
-dont ask him what it likes to be here, it isnt you.
(when you flt prod when working here)
-how is the work/life, duh (ask when do they unplug for calls and stuff)
-dont ask about "culture" it isnt focused on the product (how is the product decision made here?)
-what do you see as are the strenghts of the current team (good)
-what you think is sucess for this company in 5 years (good)

write about you, kinda, how you work, 
and why you want, on 1 page why you are adapt.

use PDF...3 pages of resume.
be specific with the skills, 
when talking about projects, try specific.
how you work with design patterns and deal with code debts.
what you learned from the role.
add personal interest, dont call yourself an expert.

law-abiding people

created the economic mess whose clean-up Mr Macri botched

is the question more valuable than the awnser?
in 2013 was produced as much data as all of the previous history.
how does the requiral of knowledge define the job.....
learning a the end (defining it as "intelligence")
Knowledge is cumulative. Intelligence is selective / eciency vs. eectiveness.
integrative complexity. just in case

biases that helped during the "evolution" process.....
-reward drives people on decisions, kinda, try to dont focus too much on reason
wary of risk, always, reward cosistent work.
-in group-bias, about stuff we already like, check others to avoid being under
influence of in.
-or the opposite, "Politics is the art of marshalling hatreds"
-dont get used to your own erros and limits I guess.
-mindfullnest, Here's one truth that perhaps your typical investment  counselor would disagree with: if you're comfortably rich and someone 
else is getting richer  faster than you by, for example, 
investing in risky stocks, ​ so what ​ ?! Someone will ​ 
always ​  be  getting richer faster than you. This is not a tragedy.
-tendecne to give back what one receive, 
Dont let them accept favours from ventors and try to dilute reaction.
-​ Endowment Effect when comparing to the "average man".
-price and value (one can be faked, the other), 
-reason helps question solving

the man that was nervous, but not that kind.
he remembered having pimples in high scholl.
she wasn’t good looking, but she came very close to it if you paid attention.
shading her eyes as if she were pained
she replied rather brusquely, He liked her voice, breathy as it was.
The conversation dipped slightly after that.
(the dude even criticized her choice of the place to sond "witty" and check if she was
at his level)

how to handle performing but insistent employees.
what milestones to make them wait, give them examples, 
it can be a scope in productivity or nterpersonal, 
-show care, -be sure to have reasons beyond guts
-a plan of him, be sure to write some words
check teh culture of the, be sure to re-assure there isint anything 
worng with that, only old act annoyed.
check lyars of no possible places or compensation.
poor performance and lack to cultivate business do that

how to tell someone had underperformaed, do it before too late
like missing deadlines or failing targets.
less oratorian more collaboration, 
-start with a compliment, bad, ten good again, like what you hired them
for, "I noticed this and I am here to check out coz I still believe"
specific on what they lack, try to have proof, if the dude try to negate
you can help trought, a lot of reasons, sometimes he doent even know.
deadline for impruvement, "at the end of the mounth lets re-valuate"
"I know this is not what you hoped to hear", 
" To make sure we’re on the same page, make sure to send me an email recap of our dialogue, and let’s be sure to touch base in two weeks.”.

to sell make them feel loved, leading to solutions, 
selling trust, earned not bought, 

I would never cheat” is connected to “I f##ked up” by a bridge 
made of small, grazing permissions that people give themselves. 
And the path to that bridge is paved by unaddressed problems and 
resentments in a relationship.

avoid to put yourself i situation in which you could get distracted.
nothing needing to be proven and check out signs and move away.
Reciprocity is at the bleeding heart of any relationship

ok so, if with Black avoid the "your strong" as compliment, it seems that there
are some racial bias on medicine on how they receive pain.
"your are articulate", who are your "white" to define her elevel....
"I wish I could have your stile/ get your hair" you can, 
"you are not black" " I cant believe it" for just being slitly smart.
they think white ignorance is the equivalent of racial innocence
hasnt happened before, 

-tool of communication, 
-British Isles (for said name, if not just islands)
-million thanks the -s only when talking about a general number of.
-person -> people ( plural, if ufficial use persons

if playing blackjack remember to ask cards only if <15

legitimate selfdefence and man's abuse.
a french woman received gratia after being condamnned for murder coz
there were a diff of minutes between the violence, killing the husband in italy
is still uxoricidio, if traducing maricide to "maricidio"
the reasoning to kill change in base of the gender inside a relantionship.
by male is appropriation to a possible loss for the female is protection.
this noticed by criminologist in '96. the spiral of violence is about:
psicology, physic, economic and sexual, to show dependance.
and fear is about isecurity on what to do, plus the moments of "calm"
ted to confuse, a previous case in 2018 in which while attacked with knife
could take and hit back was assolt.
unfortunately it wasnt coz it received violence but for the said proceadure.
another case of "provocazione for accumulo".
for the possibility to consider the violence as constant by the victim and
so legitemely defence or also to invert the onere to prove to the attack that
she wasnt in a context of defense, 
what about Canada, from '12 including domestic violence, in the revision of legitimate defence.
defined to the giury (who was reminded that didnt have to from an opinion on
"why didnt she do what I think she had") as an hostage who tried to escape the
first day instead of waiting the third waiting the violence.
article 34.
legittima difesa domiciliare, with the sospension of proporzionalita and the use
of the avverbo sempre, the automatism wont allow the judge to check the
situation, gravely underfunded.
Femminicidio si riferisce specificamente a donne uccise da un uomo in quanto donne (ex, mogli, figlie).
Definire tutti gli omicidi dove la vittima e' un uomo maschicidi 
nega di fatto la specificita' dei femminicidi.

during the travel:
meeting greta , meeting the weed, others meeting guards.
120$ for alcol, following a random car in dark without knowing place.
at 130km/h, 

talking about the man or giving-patner, prostate and but respectevely.
perianal nerve and sponge for women.
and the problem are 3 pairs of feet and equilbry.
sometimes M do to feel like with other M keeping the etero.

dont take in srcrets after the fact and avoid carring on awakardenes.

"I dont wanna stop if it hurts for you or leaving" SHEESH.

to avoid getting crickets in response,
-“Do you want to come over and watch raccoons fight over 
the full pot of spaghetti I threw into the trash”

-“I don’t have a girlfriend. I just know a girl who would get 
really mad if she heard me say that.”

-wanna ride bike and search for cute dogs.

-“Just a heads up, you’re important and I think you’re cool”

-Send them a snap, then immediately send “OH NO don’t open that” so they 
think you accidentally sent them a nude. Then when they open it it’s just 
a picture of your really hairy calf.

